vclaim_id	vclaim	title
vclaim-sno-1-mcdonald39s-any-size-fries	McDonald’s restaurants are offering $1 Any Size Fries between May 18 and 31.	$1 McDonald's Any Size Fries
vclaim-sno-10-meter-anaconda	A viral video shows a 10-meter-long anaconda swimming across a river in Brazil.	Does Video Show a 10-Meter-Long Anaconda?
vclaim-sno-10-month-old-baby-drawing	A video shows a 10-month-old baby drawing cartoons.	Is This Really a Video of a 10-Month-Old Baby Drawing?
vclaim-sno-100-facebook-shares-appeal	100 Facebook “shares” will secure a heart transplant for a child.	100 Facebook Shares Heart Transplant
vclaim-sno-100-target-coupon	A $100 Target coupon circulated via Facebook is real.	$100 Target Coupon on Facebook
vclaim-sno-10000-camels-culled-australia	In January 2020, officials in the state of South Australia announced a plan to cull around 10,000 feral camels in response to concerns over public safety and environmental resources.	Were 10,000 Camels Scheduled to Be Killed in Australia Amid Water Shortages?
vclaim-sno-100k-for-600-stimulus-checks	"During the time spent ""arguing whether or not we deserved $600"" for COVID-19 relief, members of U.S. Congress earned at least $100,000."	Did Members of Congress Each Make $100K While Debating $600 Stimulus Checks?
vclaim-sno-101-year-old-mom-gives-birth	A 101-year-old Italian woman gave birth after an ovarian transplant.	Did a 101-Year-Old Woman Give Birth After an Ovarian Transplant?
vclaim-sno-102-lb-shrimp	A photograph captures a 102-lb. shrimp caught near Homosassa, Florida.	Is This a Picture of a Fisherman and a 102-Pound Shrimp?
vclaim-sno-106-dead-in-california-music-festival-bombing	106 people were killed at an ISIS-related California music festival bombing.	106 Dead In California Music Festival Bombing
vclaim-sno-10cc	The band 10cc was so named because the term represents the amount of semen in an average male ejaculation (or a little bit more).	How 10cc Got Their Name
vclaim-sno-11-marines-this-week	"A long-circulated message offers prayers on behalf of eleven U.S. Marines ""that gave their lives this week."""	Did Eleven U.S. Marines Give Their Lives This Week?
vclaim-sno-11-states-ban-ecigs-in-cars	Eleven states have banned the use of electronic cigarettes inside cars.	11 States Ban the Use of Electronic Cigarettes in Vehicles?
vclaim-sno-110-pound-squirrel	A photograph shows a 110-pound squirrel shot by a hunter in North Texas.	Does This Photograph Show a 110-Pound Squirrel?
vclaim-sno-110-yard-field-goal	Video clip captures NFL kicker Shaun Suisham booting a 110-yard practice field goal.	110-Yard Field Goal
vclaim-sno-12-churches-france	In early 2019, vandals targeted 12 churches in France over seven days.	Did Vandals Attack 12 Churches in France in One Week?
vclaim-sno-12-week-photo	A photograph shows a 12-week-old fetus.	Is This a Photograph of a 12-Week Fetus?
vclaim-sno-12th-amendment-path-to-victory	U.S. President Donald Trump has a clear path to victory through the 12th Amendment because there is evidence of massive and coordinated voter fraud in key swing states.	Does Trump Have a 12th Amendment ‘Path to Victory’?
vclaim-sno-14-year-old-pregnant-flu-shot	A teenage schoolgirl in Texas became pregnant through a flu vaccination.	Did a 14-Year Old Virgin Fall Pregnant After a Flu Shot?
vclaim-sno-1475-immigrant-children-missing	The U.S. government lost track of some 1,475 immigrant children who were placed in sponsor homes.	Did the U.S. Government Lose Track of 1,475 Migrant Children?
vclaim-sno-15-days-darkness-november	NASA has confirmed the Earth will experience 15 straight days of darkness.	NASA Confirms 15 Days of Darkness?
vclaim-sno-15-foot-diamondback-rattler	Photographs show a 15-foot diamondback rattlesnake captured in Florida.	15-Foot Eastern Diamondback Rattlesnake
vclaim-sno-15-homeless-dead-in-chicago	Fifteen homeless people in Chicago were found dead on the street because of record-low temperatures that hit the city in late January 2019.	Were 15 Homeless People Found Frozen to Death in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-15-year-old-killed-trespassing-while-playing-pokemon-go	A homeowner shot and killed a teenaged boy trespassing during a round of Pokemon Go.	15-Year-Old Killed Trespassing While Playing Pokemon Go
vclaim-sno-17-women-pregnant-by-same-man	An Elgin, Illinois man simultaneously impregnated 17 local women in hopes of setting a world record.	Did 17 Women Discover They’re All Pregnant by the Same Man?
vclaim-sno-17-year-old-astronaut-training	A 17-year-old girl named Alyssa Carson is being trained by NASA to become an astronaut.	Is NASA Training a 17-Year-Old Girl to Be an Astronaut?
vclaim-sno-174-democrats-tsa-vote	"174 Democrats voted against a ""bipartisan act to stop convicted terrorists and sexual predators from becoming TSA Agents."""	Did 174 Democrats Vote Against Barring TSA from Hiring Terrorists and Sexual Predators?
vclaim-sno-179-kids-missing-indiana-2017	In the first 45 days of 2017, 179 children went missing in the state of Indiana.	Did 179 Children Go Missing  in Indiana in the First 47 Days of 2017?
vclaim-sno-18-inches-of-bullet-casings-cover-chicago-streets	"The city of Chicago sent out ""ammunition-removal vehicles"" to clear a foot and a half of bullet casings from the streets."	Do 18 Inches of Bullet Casings Cover Chicago Streets?
vclaim-sno-18-legally-adopt-17-year-old	In the United States, an 18-year-old person is legally permitted to adopt a 17-year-old person.	Can an 18-Year-Old ‘Legally Adopt’ a 17-Year-Old?
vclaim-sno-18-migrant-children-died-obama	Eighteen undocumented immigrant children died in the custody of U.S. Border Patrol during the Obama administration.	Did 18 Migrant Children Die in Border Patrol Custody During the Obama Administration?
vclaim-sno-18-million-illegal-immigrants-checks-shutdown	Some 18 million 'illegal immigrants' received benefit checks during a government shutdown in January 2019.	Did 18 Million ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Receive Government Checks During the Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-180-day-countdown-ufo	In December 2020, a U.S. federal omnibus spending bill that included COVID-19 relief started a 180-day countdown to an unclassified report on UFO disclosures.	Did 180-Day Countdown to UFO Disclosures Begin With COVID-19 Relief Bill?
vclaim-sno-1860-painting-woman-iphone	An 1860 painting by Austrian artist Ferdinand Georg Waldmüller shows a woman walking down a path focused on an iPhone in her hands, thus depicting a time traveler.	Does This 1860 Painting Depict a Time Traveler Holding an iPhone?
vclaim-sno-1866-milligan-social-distancing	"The 1866 ""Ex parte Milligan"" precludes states from enforcing regulations that prevent residents from freely traveling or earning a living."	Does an 1866 Court Case Bar States from Enforcing Social-Distancing Regulations?
vclaim-sno-1872-rules-for-teachers	Document issued in 1872 lists rules of behavior for public school teachers.	1872 Rules for Teachers
vclaim-sno-1898-julia-richardson	A photograph from 1898 shows Julia Richardson, a tennis player who won six doubles championships.	Is This Tennis Champion Julie Richardson — in 1898?
vclaim-sno-1898-oklahoma-tornado	A photograph shows two men standing on a road in front of a tornado in Oklahoma in 1898.	Is This the 1898 Oklahoma Tornado?
vclaim-sno-1900s-playground-photo	A black-and-white photograph shows children playing on  frighteningly dangerous (by modern standards)  playground equipment in a public park.	Is This a Photograph of a Playground from 1900?
vclaim-sno-191-years-old-mama-esifiho-may-oldest-woman-alive	A 191-year-old woman named Mama Esifiho lives in Nigeria.	At 191 Years Old, Mama Esifiho May be Oldest Woman Alive
vclaim-sno-1911-poseidon-adventure	At the moment the Titanic hit an iceberg in the north Atlantic, the silent version of the film The Poseidon Adventure was being screened aboard ship.	1911 Poseidon Adventure
vclaim-sno-1912-article-global-warming	A 14 August 1912 article from a New Zealand newspaper contained a brief story about how burning coal might produce future warming by adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.	Did a 1912 Newspaper Article Predict Global Warming?
vclaim-sno-1918-quarantine-ad-for-phone	"A picture shows a 1918 advertisement touting the benefits of the Bell Telephone for maintaining relationships while people were under quarantine during the ""Spanish flu."""	Is This a 1918 Quarantine Ad for the Bell Telephone?
vclaim-sno-1922-new-york-times-hitler	A 1922 New York Times article reported that Adolf Hitler “was merely using anti-Semitic propaganda as a bait to catch masses of followers”.	Did a 1922 Article Advise Not to Worry About Hitler’s Anti-Semitism?
vclaim-sno-1930s-housewife-smile-therapy	"Image depicts ""attitude adjustment"" and ""smile therapy"" forced upon American housewives in the 1930s institutionalized for ""not taking care of themselves"" and acting ""depressed."""	Does This Image Show a 1930s Housewife Forced into ‘Smile Therapy’?
vclaim-sno-1945-airplane-reappears	A U.S. military airplane lost in 1945 mysteriously reappeared 75 years later.	Did a U.S. Military Airplane Lost in 1945 Reappear 75 Years Later?
vclaim-sno-1950s-magazine-ad-colt-cobra	"A magazine advertisement from the 1950s promoted a handgun for women's use with the slogan ""for that strange, depraved creep who won't leave you alone."""	Is This a 1950s Women’s Magazine Ad for a Handgun to Shoot ‘Depraved Creeps’?
vclaim-sno-1956-republican-platform	A summary of the 1956 Republican platform describes a significant divergence from the party's focus in recent decades.	1956 Republican Platform
vclaim-sno-1970-quarter-ebay-canada	A handful of 1970s quarters are worth a fortune, as they were minted on the back of a 1941 Canadian coin.	1970 U.S. Quarter Struck on 1941 Canadian Quarter
vclaim-sno-1970s-anti-marijuana-ad	A photograph of a naked man and woman with a French horn was part of an anti-marijuana ad.	Is This a 1970s Anti-Marijuana Ad?
vclaim-sno-1992-mad-magazine-trump	A cartoon lampooning Donald Trump over his lack of business acumen was published in a 1992 issue of Mad Magazine.	Did MAD Magazine Lampoon Donald Trump in 1992?
vclaim-sno-1994s-most-bizarre-suicide	A coroner had his hands full determining just that in the case of a man who jumped off a building, only to have a shotgun blast finish him off halfway down.	1994’s Most Bizarre Suicide
vclaim-sno-1996-law-non-citizens-vote	The Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 says that non-citizens who vote must be deported.	Does a 1996 U.S. Law Say Non-Citizens Who Vote Must Be Deported?
vclaim-sno-1998-trump-people-quote	"Donald Trump said in 1998 that he would one day run as a Republican because they are the ""dumbest group of voters."""	Did Donald Trump Say Republicans Are the ‘Dumbest Group of Voters’?
vclaim-sno-2-million-bikers-to-dc	"The ""2 Millions Bikers to DC"" group has been denied a ""no-stop"" permit for a Washington ride-through on 11 September 2013."	2 Million Bikers to DC
vclaim-sno-20-dollar-bill-folds-spells-trump	"The $20 bill can be folded to spell the name ""Trump."""	Can the $20 Bill Be Folded to Spell ‘Trump’?
vclaim-sno-200-nebraska-farmers	Some 200 Nebraska farmers remained silent during an auction so a man could get his family farm back.	Did 200 Nebraska Farmers Remain Silent at Auction So a Man Could Get His Farm Back?
vclaim-sno-20000-bills	Old Canadian $2 bills are worth $20,000 each.	Are Old Canadian $2 Bills Worth $20,000?
vclaim-sno-20000-dead-voters-in-pennsylvania	Pennsylvania has 20,000 dead persons listed on its election rolls, which is evidence of massive voter fraud in 2020.	Debunking Trump Tweets: 20,000 Dead Voters in Pennsylvania
vclaim-sno-2005-darwin-awards	An Internet-circulated list entitled “2005 Darwin Awards” details actual mishaps and demises.	2005 Darwin Awards
vclaim-sno-2009-trump-tweet-pandemic	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted in November 2009 that ""Obama's handling of this whole pandemic has been terrible!"" and that he ""would never let thousands of Americans die from a pandemic while in office."""	Did Trump Tweet in 2009 That He Would ‘Never Let Thousands of Americans Die From a Pandemic’?
vclaim-sno-2011-california-traffic-ticket-fines	List details fines for violations of California vehicle codes taking effect in 2011.	2011 California Traffic Ticket Fines
vclaim-sno-2011-w-2-tax-forms-and-hr3590	Starting in 2011, all employees will have to pay taxes on the value of health insurance provided by their employers.	2011 W-2 Tax Forms and HR3590
vclaim-sno-2011	The year 2011 produces some dates with unusual combinations of 1s.	2011
vclaim-sno-2012-us-olympic-team-uniforms	Uniforms for the 2012 U.S. Olympic team were made in China.	2012 U.S. Olympic Team Uniforms Made in China
vclaim-sno-2012-voter-fraud	A list cites instances proving voter fraud in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.	Does This List Prove Voter Fraud in 2012?
vclaim-sno-2014-super-bowl-rigged	The FBI is investigating the possible rigging of the 2014 Super Bowl.	Super Bowl XLVIII Believed to Have Been Rigged
vclaim-sno-2015-pontiac-firebird-trans-am	General Motors is resurrecting the Pontiac Firebird Trans Am for 2015.	GM Is Bringing the Pontiac Firebird Back?
vclaim-sno-2016-obamas-america	Scott Paulson penned an opinion piece about the film	2016: Obama’s America
vclaim-sno-2017-jobs-growth-trump	In 2017, President Donald Trump's first year in office, jobs growth was the lowest it has been since 2011.	Did Donald Trump’s First Year as President See the Lowest Jobs Growth Since 2011?
vclaim-sno-2017-tax-bill	We investigate an assortment of claims about the 2017 tax bill and its provisions.	Answering Your Questions About the 2017 Tax Bill
vclaim-sno-2018-easter-valentines-calendar-quirk	Two observances important to Christianity fall on Valentine's Day and April Fools' Day in 2018.	Another ‘Amazing’ 2018 Calendar Quirk?
vclaim-sno-2018s-amazing-calendar	In the year 2018, all twelve days on which the month and day share common ordinal values falls on a Sunday.	2018’s ‘Amazing’ Calendar
vclaim-sno-2020-election-over	"As of mid-November 2020, the U.S. presidential election remained ""far from over,"" thus enough uncertainty about the outcome remained that U.S. President Donald Trump could reasonably claim he might still be the winner."	Is the 2020 Election ‘Far From Over’?
vclaim-sno-2020-presidential-winner-announced	The winner of the 2020 U.S. presidential has been announced.	Was the 2020 US Presidential Election Winner Announced Yet?
vclaim-sno-2020-revision	ABC News’	John Stossel Fired?
vclaim-sno-2020-summer-olympics-logo	An image shows the official 2020 Olympic logo.	Is This the 2020 Summer Olympics Logo?
vclaim-sno-2021-dodge-ram	"A picture shows a silver-colored and heavily armored ""2021 Dodge Ram"" pickup truck, a dramatic departure from previous designs."	Does This Picture Show an Armored ‘2021 Dodge Ram’?
vclaim-sno-21-dead-in-ontario	Twenty-one people were killed in a mass shooting in Ontario (or other locations).	21 Dead, Many Injured in Ontario
vclaim-sno-21-gun-reboot	Eau Claire schools canceled a planned Veterans Day ceremony over concerns about a	Eau Claire Schools Canceled Veterans Day Over Gun Salute
vclaim-sno-21-gun-salute-2	The U.S. federal government is enacting a nationwide minimum hunting age of twenty-one (or eighteen).	Federal Government to Restrict Hunting for Minors
vclaim-sno-21-gun-salute	Twenty-one guns are fired in U.S. national military salutes because the digits in 1776 add up to 21.	How Did the 21-Gun Salute Come to Be?
vclaim-sno-22-clinton-foundation-employees-arrested	The FBI arrested 22 employees of the Clinton Foundation on the first day of an investigation into alleged illegal activities.	Were 22 Clinton Foundation Employees Arrested on First Day of FBI Investigation?
vclaim-sno-22-missionaries-prayer-request	Twenty-two missionaries (or missionary families) are about to be executed in Afghanistan.	’22 Christian Missionaries Sentenced to Death’ Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-23-seniors-die-from-flu-shot	The high-dose Fluzone vaccine caused the deaths of 23 senior citizens during a clinical trial.	Did 23 Seniors Die After Receiving a Flu Shot Sold by Pharmacies?
vclaim-sno-23-weeks-baby-abortion	"In 2006, an abortion-clinic owner cut the umbilical cord of a baby born alive before ""throwing"" her in a biohazard bag and putting her remains in ""the trash."""	Was a Baby Born Alive at 23 Weeks ‘Thrown in the Trash’?
vclaim-sno-23-werent-killed-virginia-protest	At least 23 people were killed at a Jan. 20, 2020 Second Amendment rally in Richmond, Virginia.	No, 23 People Weren’t Killed at Virginia ‘White Supremacist’ Gun-Rights Protest
vclaim-sno-23rd-psalm-dog	A seeing eye dog named Lucky caused the deaths of four of his owners.	Dog Kills 23 Owners
vclaim-sno-24-cans-of-red-bull	A video shows a man suffering the deleterious effects of drinking 24 cans of Red Bull.	Does a Video Show the Effects of Drinking 24 Cans of Red Bull?
vclaim-sno-244-inmates-fijian-prison	85 (or 244) inmates have escaped from a Fijian prison.	Did 244 Inmates Escape From a Fijian Prison?
vclaim-sno-25-million-fraud-votes-for-clinton	An NPR study determined that 25 million fraudulent votes had been cast for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election.	Did a Study Determine 25 Million Fraudulent Votes Were Cast for Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-251-mass-shootings-in-us	The United States had 251 mass shootings during the first 216 days of 2019.	Did the U.S. Have 251 Mass Shootings in the First 216 Days of 2019?
vclaim-sno-26-guards	Missionary is protected from murderous attackers by the miraculous appearance of 26 armed guards.	Missionary Guarded by Angels
vclaim-sno-27-republicans-endorse-biden	In August 2020, 27 former Republican members of Congress endorsed Joe Biden for President of the United States.	Did 27 Republicans Take the ‘Unprecedented’ Step of Endorsing Biden?
vclaim-sno-27000-people-came-to-a-bernie-sanders-rally-in-california	Photograph depicts a Bernie Sanders rally in California attended by more than 27,000 people that was ignored by the news media.	27,000 People Came to a Bernie Sanders Rally in California
vclaim-sno-278-years-golf	Trump has spent 278.5 years of presidential salary funded by taxpayers on golf outings.	Has Trump Spent ‘278.5 Years’ of Salary on Taxpayer-Funded Golf Outings?
vclaim-sno-28-foot-crocodile-killed-australia-1957	A photograph shows a 28-foot-long crocodile that was killed in Australia in 1957.	Is This a 28-Foot-Long Crocodile That Was Killed in Australia in 1957?
vclaim-sno-280-pound-catfish	Photograph shows a 280-pound catfish caught by an Italian fisherman.	280-Pound Catfish
vclaim-sno-28th-amendment	Warren Buffett proposed a constitutional amendment that seeks to require laws apply equally to U.S. citizens and members of Congress.	The 28th Amendment
vclaim-sno-29-august-hurricanes	Four major hurricanes have hit the United States on 29 August, across 12 years, forming a meaningful pattern.	Is There a Link Between Major Hurricanes and 29 August?
vclaim-sno-3-horned-ankole-cow-uganda	A video shows a three-horned ankole cow in Uganda.	Is This a 3-Horned Ankole Cow in Uganda?
vclaim-sno-3-musketeers	The	3 Musketeers
vclaim-sno-30-marines-killed-helicopter	Thirty Marines were just killed in a helicopter crash.	Were 30 Marines Just Killed in a Helicopter Crash?
vclaim-sno-30-point-buck	Photographs show a 30-point buck shot in Wisconsin by a 14-year-old Amish boy using a hand-made longbow.	30 Point Buck!
vclaim-sno-300-children-found-frozen-alive	A video shows 300 children who were found frozen alive for purposes of organ harvesting.	Were 300 Children Found Frozen Alive for Organ Harvesting?
vclaim-sno-30000-scientists-reject-climate-change	30,000 scientists have signed a petition arguing that there is no convincing scientific evidence for anthropogenic climate change.	Did 30,000 Scientists Declare Climate Change a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-300000-wisconsin-voters-turned-away-due-to-voter-id-laws	Donald Trump won the state of Wisconsin by 27,000 votes, but 300,000 Wisconsin voters were turned away at the polls for insufficient identification.	300,000 Wisconsin Voters ‘Turned Away’ Due to Voter ID Laws?
vclaim-sno-35000-soldiers-dead-anthrax-vaccinations	A government report from 2008 states that 35,000 veterans of the first Gulf War died as a direct result of adverse effects from an Anthrax vaccine they were mandated to receive.	Are 35,000 Gulf War Soldiers Dead Due to Anthrax Vaccinations?
vclaim-sno-39-missing-children-trailer-ga	Thirty-nine missing children were found in a double-wide trailer in the state of Georgia.	Were 39 Missing Children Found in a Trailer in Georgia?
vclaim-sno-3d-printed-rhino-horn-developed	A biotech company has developed a 3D synthetic rhino horn that will eventually undercut the market for poached horns.	Have 3D Printed Rhino Horns Been Developed to Stop Poaching?
vclaim-sno-3d-printer	Video clip shows a wrench being duplicated by a 3D printer.	3D Printer
vclaim-sno-3rd-grade-students-disciplined	"Two third-grade elementary school students were disciplined for saying ""Jesus"" in front of non-Christian students."	Were 3rd-Grade Students Disciplined For Saying ‘Jesus’ in Front of Non-Christians?
vclaim-sno-4-dem-senators-turn-gop	Four Democratic U.S. senators switched to the Republican Party in December 2019 due to their opposition to President Donald Trump's impeachment.	Did 4 Democratic Senators Turn Republican Because They Oppose Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-4-year-old-boy-accused-of-hacking-fbi-database	A 4-year-old boy was accused of hacking the FBI's databases.	4-Year-Old Boy Accused of Hacking FBI Database
vclaim-sno-400-ft-ice-ship-antarctica	"A ""400-foot ice ship"" was discovered in satellite images found on Google Maps."	Was a ‘400-Foot Ice Ship’ Discovered in Antarctica on Google Maps?
vclaim-sno-400-papers-published-in-2017-prove-that-global-warming-is-myth	Hundreds of papers published in 2017 prove that global warming is a myth.	Do Hundreds of Papers Published in 2017 ‘Prove’ That Global Warming is a Myth?
vclaim-sno-400-pound-woman-sue-paris-zoo-escaped-hippo-tried-rape	A 400-pound woman sued a Paris zoo after an escaped hippo tried to rape her.	Did a Woman Sue a Paris Zoo After an Escaped Hippo Tried to Rape Her?
vclaim-sno-41-lb-rat-photo	A photograph shows a 41-lb caught in New York City.	41-Lb. Rat Caught in New York City?
vclaim-sno-41-senators-vote-babies-born-alive	In 2019 and 2020, Democratic and Independent U.S. Senators voted to allow health care practitioners to let babies die, untreated, if born alive after an abortion.	Did 41 Senators ‘Vote to Let Babies Scream Until They Die If Born Alive’?
vclaim-sno-413-chicken-nuggets-eaten	A man was rushed to the hospital after eating 413 chicken nuggets.	Was a Man Paralyzed After Eating 413 Chicken Nuggets?
vclaim-sno-41999-and-change	Photograph shows a 419.99 mile-marker sign along I-70 in Colorado.	419.99 and Change
vclaim-sno-420	The term '420' entered drug parlance as a term signifying the time to light up a joint.	The Origins of 420
vclaim-sno-425-pound-teacher-suspended-sitting-student-farting-mouth	"A 425-pound Iowa teacher was suspended after pinning a student down and ""farting in his mouth."""	Was 425-Pound Teacher Suspended for Sitting on Student and Farting in His Mouth?
vclaim-sno-43-percent-food-stamps-illegal	At least 43% of all food stamp beneficiaries are undocumented immigrants.	Are 43 Percent of All Food Stamps ‘Given to Illegals’?
vclaim-sno-430-pound-buck	Photographs shows a 430-pound buck shot in Hartford, Michigan in November 2014.	430-Pound Buck Shot in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-449000-californians-jury-duty	449,000 California residents turned down jury duty because they are not U.S. citizens, despite being registered to vote.	Did 449,000 Californians Turn Down Jury Duty Because They Are Undocumented Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-450-pound-dog	Photographs show a large, 450-pound dog.	Is This 450-Pound Dog Real?
vclaim-sno-4chan-user-prediction-las-vegas-shooting	An anonymous 4chan user predicted the October 2017 Las Vegas Strip mass shooting.	Did an Anonymous 4chan User Predict the Las Vegas Shooting Three Weeks in Advance?
vclaim-sno-5-meter-tall-human-skeleton	A photograph shows a 5-meter-tall human skeleton that was unearthed in Australia.	Was a 5-Meter-Tall Human Skeleton Unearthed in Australia?
vclaim-sno-5-million-bikers-video	A video shows 5 million bikers on their way to Washington D.C. to demand an end to the Russia investigation.	Are 5 Million Bikers Heading to D.C. to Demand an End to the Russia Investigation?
vclaim-sno-5-people-atop-skyscraper-spire	A photograph shows five people atop a skyscraper spire.	Is This a Photo of 5 People Atop a Skyscraper Spire?
vclaim-sno-5-year-old-boy-dies-in-santas-arms	A Tennessee boy died in the arms of a local man portraying Santa Claus during a hospital visit.	Did a Hospitalized 5-Year-Old Boy Die in Santa’s Arms?
vclaim-sno-50-foot-megalodon-video	A video shows a Megaladon Shark at the bottom of the Mariana Trench.	50-Foot Megalodon Captured on Video
vclaim-sno-50-miles-car-insurance	U.S. states in 2020 offered new policies or guidelines for insuring vehicles that are driven less than 50 miles a day.	New Insurance Policy for Cars Driven Less Than 50 Miles a Day?
vclaim-sno-50-years-ribs-theft	A billionaire avoided jail despite raping his infant daughter, while another man was sentenced to 50 years in jail for stealing a rack of ribs.	Probation for Child Rape Vs. Prison for Stealing Ribs?
vclaim-sno-512-year-old-shark	Researchers discovered a living Greenland shark that was 512 years old.	Did Researchers Discover a 512-Year-Old Shark?
vclaim-sno-52-thoroughbred-horses-covid-19	52 thoroughbred horses whose owner died from COVID-19 are destined for slaughter if adopters are not found for them soon.	Do 52 Thoroughbred Horses Need New Homes Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-526-teeth-removed-from-child	Doctors removed 526 tooth-like structures from a child's mouth in India.	Were 526 ‘Tooth Like Structures’ Removed From a Child’s Mouth?
vclaim-sno-53000-dead-florida-voters	Some 53,000 dead people were found to be included in Florida's voter rolls in November 2018.	Were 53,000 Dead People Found on Florida’s Voter Rolls?
vclaim-sno-57-states	"During a 2008 campaign stop, Barack Obama said that he had visited ""57 states,"" a reference to 57 Islamic states."	Did Barack Obama Say He Had Visited 57 (Islamic) States?
vclaim-sno-57-varieties-of-truth	Temple Baptist Church was built on land sold for fifty-seven cents, the amount saved by a little girl who had been turned away from its Sunday school.	57 Varieties of Truth
vclaim-sno-57-varieties	The	Heinz 57 Varieties
vclaim-sno-5g-cellular-test-birds	The test of a 5G cellular network is the cause of unexplained bird deaths occurring in a park in The Hague, Netherlands.	Did a 5G Cellular Network Test Cause Hundreds of Birds to Die?
vclaim-sno-5g-energy-horse	"A family posted signs expressing their distress about their home's being stalked by a ""5G energy horse."""	Is a ‘5G Energy Horse’ Stalking a Family?
vclaim-sno-5g-tower-torn-down-china-covid	A video shows people in China tearing down a 5G tower in an attempt to stop the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Was a 5G Tower Torn Down in China To Stop COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-6-million-more-holocaust-event	"White supremacists chanted ""six million more"" at a Holocaust remembrance event."	Did White Supremacists Chant ‘6 Million More’ at Holocaust Remembrance?
vclaim-sno-6-volt-battery-hack	Video demonstrates that 6-volt lantern batteries contain	6-Volt Battery Hack
vclaim-sno-600-murders-in-chicago	Some 600 murders took place in Chicago during the second weekend of August 2018.	Did 600 Murders Take Place in Chicago Last Weekend?
vclaim-sno-600-stings-beehive	A teenage boy was stung several hundred times after he put his penis into a beehive.	Was Florida Teen Stung Over 600 Times After Inserting His Penis in a Beehive?
vclaim-sno-6000-muslims-caught-border	6,000 Muslim migrants with forged papers were captured trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.	6,000 Muslims with Forged Papers Caught at Southern Border
vclaim-sno-612-credit-for-deserving-americans	"President Trump announced a ""stimulus bonus of $612"" for every ""deserving"" American adult and child."	President Trump Announced a $612 Credit for ‘Deserving Americans’?
vclaim-sno-62-degree-celsius-kuwait-tree-fire	The temperature hit a record 62°C (143.6°F) in Kuwait in July 2017, causing several trees to burst into flames.	Did 62°C Temperatures in Kuwait Cause Trees to Burst into Flames?
vclaim-sno-643000-bankruptcies-in-the-u-s-every-year-due-to-medical-bills	643,000 Americans declare bankruptcy over medical bills every year.	Do 643,000 Bankruptcies Occur in the U.S. Every Year Due to Medical Bills?
vclaim-sno-666th-halloween	The Halloween celebrated on 31 October 2015 is the 666th in history.	666th Halloween
vclaim-sno-7-headed-snake	A photograph captures a rare seven-headed snake found in the Honduras.	Does This Photograph Show a 7-Headed Snake?
vclaim-sno-7-senegal-kids-die-covid-vax	Seven children in Senegal died after being administered a COVID-19 coronavirus disease vaccine in April 2020.	Did 7 Children Die in Senegal from COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-7-year-old-implants	A 7-year-old girl was flown to China to receive breast implants for her birthday.	Did a Seven-Year-Old Girl Get Breast Implants?
vclaim-sno-70-minutes-goodnight-moon	"Illustrated clocks in the children's book ""Goodnight Moon"" document 70 minutes of the main character ""little rabbit"" saying goodnight."	Does Lil’ Rabbit in ‘Goodnight Moon’ Take 70 Minutes to Say Good Night?
vclaim-sno-700-arrests-el-paso-border	Some 700-plus undocumented migrants, including sex offenders, were apprehended by the U.S. Border Patrol overnight.	Were 700-Plus Undocumented People, Including Sex Offenders, Caught in El Paso Overnight?
vclaim-sno-700-pound-snake	Photograph shows a 700-lb. snake pulled from a lake in Proctor, North Carolina.	700-Pound Snake
vclaim-sno-70000-pedophile-ring-busted	A recent international investigation resulted in the shutting down of an online pedophilia forum with some 70,000 members worldwide.	Was a Massive Pedophile Ring with ‘70,000 Elite Members’ Busted by Police?
vclaim-sno-72-hour-challenge	"Teenagers are daring one another to a 72-hour challenge (or ""Game of 72""), during which they disappear for several days."	72-Hour Challenge
vclaim-sno-736-pound-catfish	A photograph shows a 736-pound catfish caught in the Mississippi River.	Was a 736-Pound Catfish Caught in the Mississippi River?
vclaim-sno-7d-hologram-park	A 7D hologram park in Japan features virtual animals that can be touched by visitors.	Does Japan Have a ‘7D’ Hologram Animal Park?
vclaim-sno-7d-hologram-whale-video	"A video shows a ""7D Hologram"" of a whale inside a school gymnasium."	‘7D’ Whale Hologram
vclaim-sno-7up-discontinued	Parent company Keurig Dr Pepper announced in May 2020 that it would be discontinuing its popular citrus drink, 7UP, with the last day of production being Dec. 1, 2020.	Was 7UP Discontinued?
vclaim-sno-7up	The soft drink 7Up was named for the number of its ingredients.	Origins of the 7Up Soft Drink Name
vclaim-sno-8-6-kilogram-baby	A photograph shows a newborn child who weighed 8.6 kg (18.96 lbs.) at birth.	Is This a Photograph of 8.6-Kilogram Baby?
vclaim-sno-8-mile-sequel-2016	Eminem biopic '8 Mile' will return with a sequel in late 2016.	8 Mile Sequel Confirmed for December 2016?
vclaim-sno-80-percent-atlanta-gay	A study found that 80 percent of black men in Georgia were homosexual.	80 Percent of Black Men in Atlanta are Gay?
vclaim-sno-80-trump-ballots-burned	A video shows 80 ballots cast for U.S. President Donald Trump being burned.	Were 80 Trump Ballots Burned?
vclaim-sno-809-area-code-scam	Unsuspecting phone customers are gulled into placing calls to area codes in the Caribbean that result in hefty charges.	809 Area Code Call Warning
vclaim-sno-82nd-airborne-border	The 82nd Airborne received word they are being deployed to the U.S.-Mexico border as a migrant caravan moves through Mexico.	Did the 82nd Airborne Division Receive Word They Are Being Deployed to the Border?
vclaim-sno-83-mail-in-ballots-voter-fraud	In November 2016, 83 mail-in ballots were sent to a Los Angeles apartment where one person lives as part of an illegal scheme to cheat the elections system.	Were 83 Ballots Fraudulently Mailed to One Calif. Home?
vclaim-sno-85-babies-covid-texas-county	As of July 17, 2020, Nueces County in Texas had seen 85 positive COVID-19 tests among children aged under 1 year.	Did 85 Babies Under Age 1 Test Positive for COVID-19 in Single Texas County?
vclaim-sno-86	The term 86 (to get rid of someone or something) entered the English language as part of a restaurant code.	Etymology of 86
vclaim-sno-867-5309-jenny	"The Tommy Tutone song ""867-5309/Jenny"" prompted a flood of calls to that phone number."	Did the Song ‘Jenny’ Produce a Flood of Calls to 867-5309?
vclaim-sno-9-0-phone-scam	Pressing #-9-0 on your telephone will allow scammers to make long-distance calls and charge them to  your phone bill.	Does #-9-0 Allow Scammers to Make Long-Distance Calls on Your Phone?
vclaim-sno-9-things-women-could-not-do	A viral piece of text accurately lists nine things women couldn't do in 1971.	Could Women Not Do These 9 Things in 1971?
vclaim-sno-9-year-old-rape-victim-appeal	“Facebook companies” are contributing money towards the medical care of a 9-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.	9-Year-Old Girl Gang-Raped
vclaim-sno-900-pound-man-x-ray	An image shows an x-ray of a 900-pound man.	Is This an X-Ray of a 900-Lb. Man?
vclaim-sno-911-adultery	The 9/11 terrorist attacks trapped a World Trade Center worker into inadvertently revealing his adulterous activities to his wife.	September 11 Adultery Revelation
vclaim-sno-911-child-rescue	A woman named her child after the rescuer who died while saving her and others at the World Trade Center on 9/11.	Was a Child Named After Robert Matthews, 9/11 Rescuer?
vclaim-sno-911-man-survives-fall	A man caught in the explosion of one of the World Trade Center towers rode bits of the falling building down to safety.	Did a Man Safely ‘Surf’ Down from the Upper Levels of the WTC on 9/11?
vclaim-sno-911-pentagon-attack	The damage to the Pentagon on September 11 was caused by something other than a hijacked Boeing 757's being crashed into its side.	Was the 9/11 Pentagon Attack Faked?
vclaim-sno-911-pepsi-can	Photograph shows a Pepsi can  with an illustration reminiscent of the 9/11 attacks.	9/11 Pepsi Can
vclaim-sno-911-shirt	Photograph shows a 9/11-themed shirt sold in the Middle East.	Shirt Commemorates 9/11 Attack?
vclaim-sno-911-surrender	Criminals have unintentionally turned themselves in by calling 911.	Criminals Accidentally Dial 911
vclaim-sno-911-wwii-memorial-vandalized	The 9/11 Memorial & Museum and the World War II Memorial, both in New York state, were vandalized during Black Lives Matter protests in the spring of 2020.	Were 9/11 and WWII Memorials Vandalized During Protests?
vclaim-sno-96-armed-octopus	A photograph shows an octopus with 96 tentacles.	Is Viral Photo of 96-Armed Octopus Real?
vclaim-sno-99-problems-all-heart-related	Billionaire David Rockefeller received his sixth heart transplant at the advanced age of 99.	David Rockefeller’s Sixth Heart Transplant Successful at Age 99?
vclaim-sno-99-problems-but-the-dodgers-aint-one	Jay Z has bought the Los Angeles Dodgers and plans to move the team back to Brooklyn.	Jay Z Buys LA Dodgers, Plans on Moving Them Back to Brooklyn for 2015 Season
vclaim-sno-9944-pure-luck	Ivory Soap’s unique floatability came about as the result of a manufacturing error.	Ivory Soap Origin
vclaim-sno-a-banner-day	President Obama issued an executive order to replace the U.S. flag with one of a more “progressive and diverse” design.	Obama Unveils New American Flag
vclaim-sno-a-bird-in-the-hand	Handling an egg or a baby bird will cause its mother to reject it.	Will Baby Birds Be Rejected by Their Mother If You Handle Them?
vclaim-sno-a-black-man-the-progressives-perfect-trojan-horse	Lloyd Marcus wrote an opinion piece entitled “A Black Man, The Progressive’s Perfect Trojan Horse.”	Lloyd Marcus — A Black Man, The Progressive’s Perfect Trojan Horse
vclaim-sno-a-blackhawk-farewell	Members of the Chicago Blackhawks attended a wake for the father of the team’s general manager.	Blackhawks Attend Wake
vclaim-sno-a-bogus-banksy	An illustration created in response to the	Viral Banksy’s Response to Charlie Hedbo Attack
vclaim-sno-a-bone-to-pick	Video shows a girl pulling puppies from a bucket and throwing them into a river.	Girl Throws Puppies Into River
vclaim-sno-a-bridge-too-far-2	Photographs show a bridge that collapsed when movers tried to pull a house across it.	House Removal Collapses Bridge
vclaim-sno-a-bridge-too-far	Photographs show a train that set a wooden bridge on fire.	Train Sets Bridge on Fire
vclaim-sno-a-brief-for-whitey	E-mail reproduces Pat Buchanan’s criticism of Barack Obama’s remarks on racial discrimination in the U.S.	Buchanan to Obama
vclaim-sno-a-brunt-message	Canadian Richard Brunt penned an open letter about America’s midterm elections.	Canadian Richard Brunt Pens Open Letter On America’s Mid-Term Elections
vclaim-sno-a-celebrity-had-a-flat-tire-in-your-town	An A-list celebrity had car trouble in your town and afterwards praised the locals for being awesomely helpful.	A Celebrity Had This to Say About Your Town!
vclaim-sno-a-closed-captioned-reaction-2	A video shows how the Muslim world reacted to President Obama's speech about the dangers of climate change.	Is This Really How the Muslim World Reacted to Obama's Speech?
vclaim-sno-a-closed-captioned-reaction	A video shows the Muslim world’s reaction to President Obama’s claim that climate change is threatening America.	Is This really how Muslim world reacted to Obama’s latest speech?
vclaim-sno-a-curious-shadow	A photograph snapped by the Curiosity robotic rover captured a human shadow on the surface of Mars.	Human Shadow Seen on Mars?
vclaim-sno-a-difficult-cabin-announcement	Photograph shows a Mandarin Airlines flight taxiing past the charred remains of a crashed airliner.	A Difficult Cabin Announcement
vclaim-sno-a-fair-shake	McDonald's beverages contain yucky non-food substances.	Do McDonald’s Shakes Contain Yucky Non-Food Substances?
vclaim-sno-a-family-photo	A photograph shows a rich family posing with the carcass of an elephant that they had just killed.	Wealthy Family Kills Elephant While It Was Eating
vclaim-sno-a-farewell-to-arms	The U.S. Ambassador to Egypt prevented Marines stationed at the U.S. embassy in Cairo from carrying live ammunition.	Cairo Embassy
vclaim-sno-a-ford-able	Notorious criminal Clyde Barrow wrote a fan letter to Henry Ford in 1934.	Clyde Barrow’s Letter to Henry Ford
vclaim-sno-a-ford-dealers-report	Account describes Ford dealer’s encounter with a customer collecting disability benefits.	A Ford Dealer’s Report
vclaim-sno-a-german39s-view-on-islam	Holocaust survivor Dr. Emanuel Tanay penned an essay on the dangers of Islam.	A German's View on Islam
vclaim-sno-a-good-shellacking	The Library of Congress is transferring its entire audio collection to 78 RPM platters.	Library of Congress 78 RPM Archive
vclaim-sno-a-jaded-state	President Obama is planning to strip Texas of statehood in advance of the Jade Helm military exercise.	FALSE: Obama to Sign Executive Order Stripping Texas of Statehood Ahead of Jade Helm 15
vclaim-sno-a-loon-way-home	A loon appears on Canada's one-dollar coin because the original dies, featuring a different design, were lost in transit.	Loonie Design Lost in Transit?
vclaim-sno-a-model-exposed	The mens underwear section of a 1975 Sears catalog featured a picture of a male model whose penis could be seen peeking out from beneath a pair boxer shorts.	Sears Catalogue Model Exposed
vclaim-sno-a-murdered-witness	Deandre Joshua and Shawn Gray were murdered after testifying before a grand jury in Ferguson.	Were Deandre Joshua and Shawn Gray Murdered After Testifying in Ferguson?
vclaim-sno-a-museum-on-every-corner	There are more museums in the United States than McDonald’s and Starbucks outlets combined.	A Museum on Every Corner
vclaim-sno-a-mysterious-roofing-job	Roofers mysteriously return to	A Mysterious Roofing Job
vclaim-sno-a-new-breed-of-gunner	Photograph shows the first female Air Force aerial gunner.	A New Breed of Gunner
vclaim-sno-a-night-in-casablanca	Warner Bros. threatened to sue the Marx Brothers over the title of the comedy group’s 1946 film	A Night in Casablanca
vclaim-sno-a-presidential-hug	A viral photograph shows President George W. Bush hugging the daughter of a 9/11 victim.	A Presidential Hug
vclaim-sno-a-presidential-landfill	North Dakota named a landfill after President Obama.	North Dakota Names Landfill After Obama.
vclaim-sno-a-public-disservice-announcement	A public service announcement encourages children to steal weapons from their parents and turn them over to teachers.	‘Stop Gun Violence’ PSA Video Stirs Controversy
vclaim-sno-a-scan-of-wealth-and-taste	The infamous number ‘666’ appears in all product barcodes.	666 Barcode
vclaim-sno-a-secret-of-love	"Actor Brad Pitt authored ""A Secret of Love"" about his wife."	A Secret of Love — Brad Pitt
vclaim-sno-a-series-of-unfortunate-events	Photographs show a series of cranes falling into the water while attempting to retrieve a submerged automobile.	Crane Accident
vclaim-sno-a-shady-giveaway	Eminem is giving away $1 million, a house, and a new car to lucky Facebook fans.	Marshall Mathers Is Giving Away $1 Million on Facebook
vclaim-sno-a-shot-in-the-dark	Photograph shows John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe sharing an intimate moment.	JFK and Marilyn Monroe Photographed Together?
vclaim-sno-a-spanish-mystery	Photographs show the figure of an astronaut carved into the wall of a 12th century Spanish cathedral.	Astronaut Carving Found on Ancient Spanish Cathedral
vclaim-sno-a-star-is-borne	When the Germans ordered Jews in occupied Denmark to identify themselves by wearing armbands with yellow stars during World War II, King Christian X of Denmark and non-Jewish Danes thwarted the order by donning the armbands themselves.	The King of Denmark Wore a Yellow Star
vclaim-sno-a-starion-is-born	Mitsubishi mistakenly named a model of car ‘Starion’ instead of ‘Stallion’ due to Japanese pronunciation difficulties.	Starion / Stallion Confusion
vclaim-sno-a-tea-bird-in-the-hand	A young man busy pleasuring himself discovers his mother has left a cup of tea at his bedside.	Tea Left By Mom
vclaim-sno-a-thank-you-to-all-starbucks-customers	Message from Starbucks Chairman Howard Schultz extols the company’s contributions to Israel.	A Thank You to All Starbucks Customers – Howard Schultz
vclaim-sno-a-tip-for-education	An 18-year-old waitress in Texas received a $1,000 tip after a man overheard her discussing her college plans with a couple at another table.	A Tip for Education
vclaim-sno-a-tip-for-your-service	A soldier wrote on a restaurant receipt that his military service exempted him from tipping.	Did This Soldier Refuse to Tip Because His Service Should Be Enough?
vclaim-sno-a-toaster-dial-is-for-minutes-not-level-of-toasty-ness	"The numbers on a toaster indicate duration of toasting in minutes, and not a ""degree of toastiness."""	Does a Toaster Dial Set Minutes Rather Than ‘Level of Toasty-ness’?
vclaim-sno-a-truckin-miracle	An airliner was saved by a pickup truck after its landing gear malfunctioned.	Plane with Landing Gear Failure Saved by Truck?
vclaim-sno-a-very-muslim-christmas	A Maryland school district removed Christmas and Easter vacations from school calendars due to pressure from Muslim groups.	Maryland Schools Forced by Muslims to Remove Christmas and Easter Vacations?
vclaim-sno-a-victim-treats-his-mugger-right	Victim disarms would-be mugger by treating him to dinner.	A Victim Treats His Mugger Right
vclaim-sno-a-woman-in-a-revealing-dress-attended-a-hollywood-event-amidst-protests-against-sexual-harassment	A photograph shows an actress in a revealing dress amidst protests against sexual harassment in Hollywood.	Did a Woman Wear This Revealing Dress to a Hollywood Event to Protest Sexual Harassment?
vclaim-sno-aaliyah-norris-bail	Shaquille Marshon Francis, charged in the murder of Aaliyah Norris, was released from jail in an unrelated case some three hours before her shooting.	Was Suspect in Slaying of 7-Year-old Girl Released on Bail Hours Before Her Shooting?
vclaim-sno-aaron-hernandez-not-guilty	Murder charges against former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez were dropped, and he will be returning to the Patriots for the 2015 NFL season.	Aaron Hernandez Found Not Guilty
vclaim-sno-aaron-rodgers-bernie-sanders	Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn endorsed Bernie Sanders at a rally in Wisconsin.	Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn Make Surprise Appearance at Bernie Sanders Event
vclaim-sno-aaron-rodgers-stand-for-the-flag-kneel-for-the-cross-t-shirt	"A photograph shows Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers holding a ""Stand for the flag, Kneel for the cross"" shirt."	Aaron Rodgers Photographed Holding ‘Stand For the Flag, Kneel for the Cross’ T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-aarp-supports-democratic-party	A portion of what members and/or donors pay to AARP (formerly American Association of Retired Persons) goes directly to the U.S. Democratic party.	Does AARP Support the Democratic Party?
vclaim-sno-aba-letter-covid19-masks	A July 2020 letter purportedly sent by the Ohio State Bar Association (OSBA) was accurate in stating that any retailer or manufacturer — including those operating from homes — could be sued for selling or creating COVID-19 protective face masks that were not medically approved, defective, or without proper labeling.	Does ‘ABA’ Letter Prove Anyone Making COVID-19 Masks Can Be Sued?
vclaim-sno-abaco-bahamas-hurricane-dorian	A widely shared Facebook post includes a photograph of damage done to the Abaco Islands by Hurricane Dorian.	Does This Photograph Show the Abaco Islands Damaged by Hurricane Dorian?
vclaim-sno-abandoned-city-near-joshua-tree	An abandoned mining town near Joshua Tree National Park in southern California is the site of hundreds of now-empty buildings.	Does California Have an Abandoned City Near Joshua Tree?
vclaim-sno-abandoned-puppies	Abandoned puppies shown in an Internet-circulated photo need homes.	Abandoned Puppies
vclaim-sno-abandoned-russian-hospital	A photograph shows patients in an abandoned Russian psychiatric institution.	Is This an ‘Abandoned Russian Mental Hospital’?
vclaim-sno-abandoned-submarine-photo	A photograph shows an abandoned submarine in a desert.	FALSE: Submarine Abandoned in Desert
vclaim-sno-abbey-lain	A child who wrote to God about her deceased pet received a kind letter and a book to help her with her bereavement in response.	Did a Grieving Girl’s Letter to God Get a Response?
vclaim-sno-abby-johnson-household-voting	Abby Johnson, an anti-abortion activist who spoke at the 2020 Republican National Convention, earlier advocated for 'household voting' in which a husband would 'get the final say.'	Did RNC Speaker Abby Johnson Advocate ‘Household Voting’?
vclaim-sno-abby-rode	A ‘Dear Abby’ advice column was pulled because it included a letter taken from an episode of	Dear Abby Simpsons Column
vclaim-sno-abc-news-bans-flag-lapel-pins	ABC banned on-air news personnel from wearing American flag pins after 9/11.	Did ABC News Ban Flag Lapel Pins?
vclaim-sno-abc-news-poll-trump-clinton	A live poll conducted by ABC News in August 2016 shows Donald Trump, Jill Stein, and Gary Johnson all well ahead of Hillary Clinton.	ABC News Poll Shows Trump with Wide Lead on Clinton
vclaim-sno-abc-video-syrian-war-footage	ABC News mistakenly aired a video from a Kentucky gun range during its coverage of Turkey's attack on northern Syria in October 2019.	Did ABC Mistakenly Label a Video from a US Gun Range as Syrian War Footage?
vclaim-sno-abdu-sharkawy-coronavirus	Dr. Abdu Sharkawy, an infectious diseases specialist, penned a viral Facebook post warning about the loss of reason in the face of panic over the new coronavirus in 2020.	Did an Infectious Disease Specialist Write ‘I Am Not Scared of COVID-19’?
vclaim-sno-able-bodied-ada-mask-loophole	"Americans without disabilities can legally use a federal ADA ""loophole"" to avoid wearing a mask in stores that require them."	Can People Without Disabilities Use an ADA ‘Mask Loophole’ in Stores?
vclaim-sno-aborted-fetuses-dumpster-michigan	An image depicts multiple late-term aborted fetuses discovered in a dumpster behind a Michigan abortion clinic.	Aborted Fetuses Found in Michigan Dumpster?
vclaim-sno-abortion-ar15-florida	"A woman performed her own abortion with a ""U-Abort It™"" attachment for her AR-15."	Rape Victim Performs ‘Self-Abortion’ with AR-15
vclaim-sno-abortion-barbie-doll	"A viral image shows an actual Mattel product called ""Abortion Barbie."""	Does This Photograph Depict an Actual ‘Abortion Barbie’ Doll?
vclaim-sno-abortion-breast-cancer-link	Studies have proved that having an abortion increases a woman's risk of developing breast cancer.	Are Abortions Linked to an Increased Risk of Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-abortion-clinic-forceps-christmas	An abortion clinic topped their Christmas tree with pairs of forceps, as per an activist’s December 2020 photograph posted on Twitter.	Did an Abortion Clinic Put Forceps Atop Their Christmas Tree?
vclaim-sno-abortion-doping-real-practice	Female athletes competing at the Olympics are getting pregnant just so they can abort the baby and by so doing enhance their performance through hormone doping.	Is ‘Abortion Doping’ a Real Practice?
vclaim-sno-abortion-drown-flush	An employee at a women's health center in Bronx, New York, told an undercover pro-life activist she should dispose of a baby born alive after a failed abortion.	Did an Abortion Clinic Employee Tell a Patient to ‘Flush’ a Baby That Survived Abortion?
vclaim-sno-abortion-rates-presidencies	Abortion rates drop during Democratic presidencies and rise during Republican administrations.	Abortion Rates Fall During Democratic Administrations and Rise During Republican Ones
vclaim-sno-abortion-survive-scream	An infant who survived abortion in a Polish hospital screamed for an hour while left alone to die.	Did an Infant Who Survived Abortion Scream for an Hour While Left to Die?
vclaim-sno-abortionist-strangled-baby-born-alive	"An ""abortionist"" strangled an infant following a failed saline abortion, while other clinicians failed to intervene."	‘Abortionist’ Strangled Baby Born Alive
vclaim-sno-abraham-lincoln-didnt-quit	Abraham Lincoln endured a steady stream of failure and defeat before becoming President of the United States.	Abraham Lincoln Didn’t Quit
vclaim-sno-abraham-lincolns-capitalism-prophecy	Abraham Lincoln issued a prophetic warning about the tyranny of capitalism.	Did Abraham Lincoln Warn of the Tyranny of Capitalism?
vclaim-sno-abrams-assault-weapons	Georgia Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams admitted her plans could force Georgians to turn over their guns.	Did Stacey Abrams Admit Her Plans May Require Georgians to ‘Turn Their Guns In’?
vclaim-sno-abrams-campaign-sign-photo	A photograph shows Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams touting the support of communists and the Muslim Brotherhood.	Does This Photograph Show Stacey Abrams Touting the Support of Communists and the Muslim Brotherhood?
vclaim-sno-abrams-traded-manager	Dodgers outfielder Cal Abrams was ordered to publicly berate the Reds' manager, then was traded to that team a few days later.	Trade Bait
vclaim-sno-absentee-ballot-fraud-heritage	The U.S. has had 143 criminal convictions for absentee-ballot fraud (or .0006% of the total vote) over the past 20 years.	Did US Only Have 143 Absentee-Ballot Fraud Convictions Over 20 Years?
vclaim-sno-absentee-ballots-undeliverable	"A voter in Chatham County, Georgia, had a mail-in ballot returned and listed as ""undeliverable"" even though it was addressed to a county-approved P.O. box."	Were Some Voters’ Absentee Ballots Returned as ‘Undeliverable’?
vclaim-sno-absentee-ballots	A plane crash in Afghanistan destroyed the absentee ballots of U.S. military personnel.	Afghanistan Plane Crash Burns Military Absentee Ballots
vclaim-sno-ac-moore-closing-down	In November 2019, A.C. Moore announced it was going out of business and would be closing its stores.	Did A.C. Moore Announce It’s Closing All of Its Stores?
vclaim-sno-aca-versus-ahca	Complaints about the lack of transparency behind the creation of a bill to repeal Obamacare were hypocritical because the Democrats were just as bad when they passed Obamacare.	Was the Passage of Obamacare Just as Secretive as GOP Efforts to Repeal It?
vclaim-sno-accused-russian-spy-mariia-butina-photographed-oval-office	A photograph shows accused Russian spy Mariia Butina in an Oval Office meeting with President Trump.	Was Accused Russian Spy Mariia Butina Photographed in the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-ace-hardware-stands-against-standing-rock	Ace Hardware is refusing to sell propane to Dakota Access pipeline protesters.	Ace Hardware Stands Against Standing Rock?
vclaim-sno-acesha-bright-murder	A video captures a woman named Acesha Bright committing murder.	Video Captures Acesha Bright Committing Murder?
vclaim-sno-acetone-deaf	Adding acetone to gasoline in an effort to improve gas mileage is a good idea.	Acetone Improves Gas Mileage
vclaim-sno-acid-bomb	E-mail describes an “acid bomb” left to explode on a residential porch.	Acid Bomb Warning
vclaim-sno-acid-rain-warning	A dark circle around the moon presages acid rain.	Acid Rain Warning
vclaim-sno-aclu-christmas-cards	Sending Christmas cards to the ACLU will freeze their operations.	ACLU Christmas Cards
vclaim-sno-aclu-director-resigns-over-transgender-bathroom-policy	An ACLU executive resigned because her children were made uncomfortable by the presence of transgender women in a bathroom.	ACLU Director Resigns Over Transgender Bathroom Policy
vclaim-sno-aclu-police-remove-body-cams-inauguration-protests	The American Civil Liberties Union has demanded police in Washington, D.C. disable their body cameras for the duration of inaugural protests in 2017.	Has the ACLU Demanded that Police Remove Body Cams During Inauguration Protests?
vclaim-sno-aclu-travel-warning-texas	In May 2017, the ACLU issued a warning for Americans traveling to Texas.	Did the ACLU Issue a Warning for People Traveling to Texas?
vclaim-sno-aclu-trump-used-the-word-america	"The American Civil Liberties Union issued a response to President Trump's 2018 State of the Union address complaining that he used the word ""America"" more than 80 times."	Did the ACLU Complain That Trump Said ‘America’ Too Many Times in State of the Union?
vclaim-sno-act-like-youve-been-there-before	"Penn State's Joe Paterno said ""when you get into the end zone, act like you've been there before."""	Did a Football Coach Say ‘Act Like You’ve Been There Before’?
vclaim-sno-activists-target-big-box-chain-target-with-holiday-boycott	An activist group has launched a holiday-season boycott against chain retailer Target.	Activists Target Big Box Chain Target With Holiday Boycott?
vclaim-sno-actor-harry-shearer-leaving-simpsons	Actor Harry Shearer announced in November 2017 that he was leaving 'The Simpsons.'	Actor Harry Shearer Leaving ‘The Simpsons?’
vclaim-sno-actor-sam-elliott-really-dead	Actor Sam Elliott died in July 2019.	Is U.S. Actor Sam Elliott Really Dead?
vclaim-sno-ad5-vaccine-hiv	Researchers warned in The Lancet that a form COVID-19 vaccine in development (and approved for limited use in China) could potentially increase the risk of acquiring HIV.	Did Researchers Warn Certain COVID-19 Vaccines Could Increase HIV Risk?
vclaim-sno-adam-12-pack	A drunk’s attempt to escape the long arm of the law goes awry when he drives off from the scene of the arrest in the wrong car.	Drunk Takes Police Car
vclaim-sno-adam-butsch-gallows-post-facebook	"Facebook said that a message posted by the user ""Adam Butsch"" calling for the genocide of white people didn't violate its community standards."	Did Facebook Allow a Post Calling for the Hanging of White People?
vclaim-sno-adam-lambert-metallica-singer	Adam Lambert replaced James Hetfield as lead singer in Metallica.	Did Adam Lambert Replace James Hetfield as Lead Singer of Metallica?
vclaim-sno-adam-sandler-dead	Actor/comedian Adam Sandler has died at the age of 52.	Adam Sandler Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-adam-sandler-death-hoax-2	Adam Sandler was found dead of an apparent suicide in January 2017.	Adam Sandler Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-adam-sandler-death	Adam Sandler has died at age 52.	Adam Sandler Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-adam-sandler-trump	The website Definition.org revealed that Adam Sandler was a Trump supporter.	Was Adam Sandler Revealed to be a Supporter of Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-adam-schiff-lax	U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff was arrested at LAX on Christmas Eve 2020.	No, Adam Schiff Wasn’t Arrested at LAX
vclaim-sno-adam-schiff-pedophile-hoax	U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff is a known pedophile who has settled numerous sex crime cases out of court.	Adam Schiff Pedophile Hoax: Baseless Claims Circulate About Congressman
vclaim-sno-adam-schiff-settle-claim	Adam Schiff used taxpayer money to silence a man who accused him of sexual harassment.	Did Adam Schiff Use Taxpayer Money to Settle a Sexual Harassment Claim in 2013?
vclaim-sno-adam-schiff-ukrainian	"U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff is ""linked"" to a Ukrainian arms dealer."	Is Adam Schiff ‘Linked’ to a ‘Prominent Ukrainian Arms Dealer’?
vclaim-sno-adam-schiff-witnesses-testify	Adam Schiff paid witnesses over $40 million to testify against President Trump during impeachment proceedings.	Did Adam Schiff Pay Witnesses Over $40 Million to Testify Against Trump?
vclaim-sno-adam-schiffs-sister-was-married-to-george-soros-son	Adam Schiff's sister Melissa was married to George Soros's son, Robert.	Was Adam Schiff’s Sister Married to George Soros’s Son?
vclaim-sno-adams-surgeon-general-ignored	The appointment of Dr. Jerome Adams as Surgeon General was ignored by the press because he's African-American.	Was the Appointment of Dr. Jerome Adams as Surgeon General Ignored by the Press?
vclaim-sno-adding-stamp-to-ballot	"Adding a stamp to a postage-paid ballot ""forces"" the U.S. Postal Service to treat that ballot as first-class mail."	Does Adding a Stamp to Your Ballot ‘Force’ USPS To Deliver as First-Class?
vclaim-sno-adele-death-hoax-rumors	Singer Adele died in a car crash in March 2016.	Death Hoax: Adele Didn’t Die in Car Crash
vclaim-sno-adele-white-privilege-petition	"Petitioners demanded singer Adele admit her success is due to ""white privilege"" and donate her wealth to the Black Lives Matter movement."	Adele White Privilege Petition
vclaim-sno-adem-flu-shot	A 9-year-old girl was paralyzed as a result of receiving a flu shot.	Was a Healthy Nine-Year-Old Girl Paralyzed by a Flu Shot?
vclaim-sno-aden-cole-heath	A 2-year-old boy named Aden Cole Heath is missing from his Tennessee home.	Missing Child: Aden Cole Heath
vclaim-sno-aderoid-approaches	A star named Aderoid will make a remarkably close approach to Earth in	Two Suns on June 21
vclaim-sno-adidas	The athletic shoe company Adidas gained its name from an acronym for 'All Day I Dream About Sex.'	What Does Adidas Stand For?
vclaim-sno-adolf-hitler-election-namibia	In November 2020, a man named Adolf Hitler won a local election in Namibia.	Was a Man Named Adolf Hitler Elected in Namibia?
vclaim-sno-adolf-hitler-smashing-the-nucleus	Adolf Hitler said that the only way that the Nazi party could have been stopped was if it were destroyed in its infancy.	Did Adolf Hitler Say the Nazism Could Have Been Stopped by ‘Smashing the Nucleus’ of the Movement?
vclaim-sno-adopted-habits	A South Carolina couple put their 16-year-old daughter up for adoption after learning she is gay.	Parents Put 16 Year Old Daughter Up for Adoption After Learning She Is Gay
vclaim-sno-adrian-peterson	The 2-year-old son of NFL star Adrian Peterson has died as the result of an apparent beating.	Adrian Peterson
vclaim-sno-advice-and-descent	Three former Fannie Mae executives served on Barack Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign as chief economic advisors.	Obama’s Fannie Mae Economic Advisors
vclaim-sno-advice-not-taken	Shortly before he died in a car crash, James Dean advised young motorists to ‘Take it easy driving — the life you might save might be mine.'”	James Dean Car Safety Film
vclaim-sno-advice-to-young-brides	"An 1894 treatise against the evils of marital sex exhorted young brides to ""give little, give seldom, and above all, give grudgingly."""	Was This ‘Advice’ for Brides Real?
vclaim-sno-aerial-footage-anti-trump-rally	Aerial footage shows a large anti-Trump protest in June 2019 in the U.K.	Is This Aerial Footage of a UK Anti-Trump Protest in June 2019?
vclaim-sno-aerial-view-abandoned-plane	A photograph shows an aerial view of an airplane abandoned in a forest.	Is This an Aerial View of an Airplane Abandoned in a Forest?
vclaim-sno-aeromexico-dna-discount	"The Mexican airline Aeroméxico is offering ""DNA discounts"" for U.S. travelers visiting the country, to be determined by how much ""Mexican DNA"" they contain."	Is Aeroméxico Offering ‘DNA Discounts’ for People Traveling to Mexico?
vclaim-sno-aerossault	Photographs depict damage to automobiles caused by exploding aerosol cans.	Aerosol Can Damage
vclaim-sno-afghan-foster-child-jihadi	"A 12-year-old Afghan foster child in the U.K. turned out to be a 21-year-old trained ""jihadi."""	British Woman Discovers 12-Year-Old Afghan Foster Child Is 21-Year-Old Jihadi?
vclaim-sno-african-american-hurricane-names	A Congresswoman called for hurricanes to be given African-American names.	Did a Congresswoman Advocate for African-American Names for Hurricanes?
vclaim-sno-african-americans-for-obama	President Obama launched an “African Americans for Obama” campaign in February 2012.	African Americans for Obama
vclaim-sno-african-billionaire-million-leave	A South African billionaire is offering a large sum of money to African-Americans who leave the country due to Trump's election.	African Billionaire Will Give $1 Million to Anyone Who Wants to Leave America If Donald Trump Is Elected President
vclaim-sno-african-reconnection-ritual	A photograph shows an African tribe performing a ritual to reconnect a misbehaving person with his good nature.	African ‘Reconnection’ Ritual
vclaim-sno-african-union-issues-travel-advisory-for-u-s	"An African Union Travel Advisory warned Africans heading for the U.S. about ""continued instability"" in America."	African Union Issues ‘Travel Advisory’ for U.S.
vclaim-sno-after-birth-abortion	"American liberals are debating the merits of ""after birth abortion."""	After Birth Abortion
vclaim-sno-after-school-satan-clubs	"A group called the Satanic Temple wants to establish After School Satan Clubs in public schools to introduce children to the ""religion of darkness."""	Does the Satanic Temple Want to Establish After School Satan Clubs?
vclaim-sno-against-the-grain	Wedding guests should refrain from throwing rice at newly-wedded couples because the rice kills birds who eat it.	Is Throwing Rice at Weddings Bad for Birds?
vclaim-sno-age-birth-year	Adding your age to your birth year equals 2,018 on one particular day that occurs once every thousand years.	Does Adding Your Age to Your Birth Year Equal 2,018 for ‘One Day Only’?
vclaim-sno-ai-robots-kill-scientists	Four AI-controlled robots killed 29 scientists in Japan in August 2017.	Did Four AI Robots Kill 29 Scientists in Japan?
vclaim-sno-aids-mary	The morning after a one-night fling, a man walks into his bathroom and finds the words “WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF AIDS” scrawled on the mirror in lipstick.	AIDS Mary
vclaim-sno-aig-bailout	Congress supported a bailout of AIG because that company insures the Congressional pension trust.	AIG Bailout
vclaim-sno-aint-no-prophet	Jaden Smith claims God told him to start a clothing line called 666.	Jaden Smith Says He Is a Prophet and God Inspired His New Fashion Line 666
vclaim-sno-air-field	Photographs show a “Thank you for freedom” message plowed into a field near Offutt AFB.	Offutt Air Force Base
vclaim-sno-air-force-academy-commencement-2013	Account describes events connected with the 2013 Air Force Academy commencement ceremonies.	Air Force Academy Commencement 2013
vclaim-sno-air-force-one-trump-daytona	A photograph shows Air Force One during U.S. President Donald Trump's visit to the Daytona 500 in February 2020.	Is This Air Force One During Trump’s Visit to Daytona 500?
vclaim-sno-air-force-one	Photograph shows the tail number of Air Force One to be ‘N166ER.’	Air Force One
vclaim-sno-air-jordans-price-drop	Michael Jordan will drop the price of all Air Jordan shoes to $19.99 in 2017.	FALSE: Michael Jordan Lowers Price of Air Jordan Shoes to $19.99
vclaim-sno-air-scare	Automobile components emit dangerous levels of cancer-causing benzene fumes.	Do You Know the Danger of  Turning on the A/C After Starting the Engine?
vclaim-sno-air-to-the-throne	The company that makes air fresheners shaped like crowns is owned by the Ku Klux Klan, or the presence of one of these auto accessories signifies the car’s owner is a gang member.	Crown Air Fresheners and the KKK
vclaim-sno-airline-passengers-lawsuit-settlement	Certain travelers who used American or Southwest Airlines can collect money as part of a consolidated lawsuit settlement.	Can Southwest and American Airlines Passengers Collect Money from a Lawsuit Settlement?
vclaim-sno-airline-ticket-giveaway-scam	Airlines are giving away free tickets or spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page.	Airline Ticket Giveaway Scam
vclaim-sno-airliner-crash-video	A video captures an Ethiopian Airlines plane crashing near Addis Ababa in March 2019.	Does This Video Capture the Ethiopian Airlines Crash?
vclaim-sno-airplane-forced-to-make-emergency-landing-odor	A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing because one passenger's vagina had an offensive odor.	Airplane Forced to Make Emergency Landing Because Woman’s V@gina Smelled So Bad
vclaim-sno-airplane-train-runway	A picture shows a train on an airport runway with an airplane nearby.	Is This a Real Photo of an Airplane and a Train on a Runway?
vclaim-sno-airpods-explode-hospital	A man was hospitalized in December 2018 after an Apple Airpod exploded in his ear.	Was a Man Hospitalized After His Apple Airpods Exploded in His Ear?
vclaim-sno-airport-scanner-detonates	The Israelis have developed an airport scanner alternative: a booth that detonates any explosive device a passenger is carrying.	Has Israel Developed an Airport Scanner That Detonates Explosives?
vclaim-sno-aisle-and-girl	A bridesmaid walking down the aisle at a wedding caught her spike heel in a floor grate, an usher picked up the grate to retrieve the shoe, and the bride tumbled into the open hole.	'The Heel in the Grate' Wedding Legend
vclaim-sno-aisle-of-man	List summarizes what proportions of common traits would be like if we could shrink the earth's population to a village of precisely 100 people.	Earth’s Population as a Village of 100 People
vclaim-sno-al-baghdadi-low-risk	"Barack Obama said he released future ISIS leader al-Baghdadi from custody because he deemed the captive to be ""low-risk."""	Did Obama Claim Released ISIS Leader al-Baghdadi Was ‘Low-Risk’?
vclaim-sno-al-baghdadi-released-obama	Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was released from a United States prison during the Obama administration.	Was IS Leader al-Baghdadi Released from US Prison in Obama Era?
vclaim-sno-al-baghdadi-wapo-headline	"The Washington Post called Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi an ""austere religious scholar"" in an initial headline for his obituary."	Did WaPo Headline Call IS Leader al-Baghdadi an ‘Austere Religious Scholar’?
vclaim-sno-al-capone-woman-president	Al Capone said that the United States wouldn't elect a woman president until the Chicago Cubs won the World Series.	Cubs Win, the Woman’s In!
vclaim-sno-al-franken-superdelegate-judgement	Senator Al Franken told a CNN interviewer that his judgment as a superdelegate was more important than that of his constituency.	Al Franken Said His Judgment is More Important than Constituents’?
vclaim-sno-al-gore-certify-2000-election	Then-U.S. Vice President Al Gore certified the election victory of his political opponent, George W. Bush.	Did Al Gore Certify Election Results of Bush’s Victory?
vclaim-sno-al-gores-energy-use	Al Gore's residence uses considerably more energy than the average American home.	Al Gore’s Home Energy Use
vclaim-sno-al-pacino-death-hoax	Actor Al Pacino has passed away at the age of 75.	Actor Al Pacino Found Dead at Age 75
vclaim-sno-al-powell-nakatomi-plaza	Sgt. Al Powell stopped a terrorist attack at Nakatomi Plaza on Christmas in 1988.	Did Sgt. Al Powell Stop a Terrorist Attack at Nakatomi Plaza?
vclaim-sno-al-roker-today-show	"Al Roker is leaving the ""Today"" show."	Is Al Roker Leaving the ‘Today’ Show?
vclaim-sno-al-sharpton-paid-floyd-funeral	Rev. Al Sharpton was paid $24,000 to speak at George Floyd's funeral.	Was Rev. Al Sharpton Paid $24K to Speak at George Floyd’s Funeral?
vclaim-sno-al-sharpton-taxes	Al Sharpton owes more than four million dollars in unpaid taxes.	Does Al Sharpton Owe Millions in Back Taxes?
vclaim-sno-al-sharptons-1992-speech-urged-blacks-to-kill-police	In 1992 Al Sharpton delivered a speech in which he exhorted blacks to kill police.	Al Sharpton’s 1992 Speech Urged Blacks to Kill Police
vclaim-sno-al-smith-dinner-sticker	"An image shows Maria Bartiromo holding a phone decorated with a ""Trump/Pence"" sticker at the annual Al Smith Dinner."	Reporter Displays Trump/Pence Sticker at Al Smith Dinner
vclaim-sno-alabama-ban-radical-islam	"Alabama became the first state in the union to ban ""radical Islam."""	Did Alabama Become the First State to Ban ‘Radical Islam’?
vclaim-sno-alabama-bless-incest-marriage	Alabama legalized incestual marriages between brothers and sisters and uncles and nieces.	Did Alabama Bless ‘Incest’ Marriages Between Brothers and Sisters, Uncles and Nieces?
vclaim-sno-alabama-cps-medical-kidnap	Alabama CPS agents took custody of a baby because his teen mother was raped.	Alabama CPS ‘Medical Kidnap’
vclaim-sno-alabama-doug-jones-ballots	Election officials in Alabama discovered thousands of ballots for Doug Jones that were seemingly cast by dead voters.	Did Alabama Election Officials Find Thousands of Dead People Who Voted for Doug Jones?
vclaim-sno-alabama-food-stamps-car	Republicans in Alabama filed a bill which (if passed) would prohibit people who owned cars from receiving food stamps.	Will Alabama Take Away Your Food Stamps If You Own a Car?
vclaim-sno-alabama-legislator-angry-that-state-of-georgia-allowed-in-olympics	An Alabama state senator published an open letter saying that the state of Georgia shouldn't have been allowed to compete in the Olympics.	Alabama Legislator Angry That “State of Georgia” Allowed in Olympics
vclaim-sno-alabama-man-suspected-of-creating-real-life-human-centipede	"An Alabama man suspected of creating a ""real life human centipede"" remains at large."	Did an Alabama Man Create a ‘Real-Life Human Centipede’?
vclaim-sno-alabama-mayor-mark-chambers	"Mark Chambers, mayor of Carbon Hill, Ala., wrote on Facebook that members of the LGBTQ community and other groups should be ""killed out."""	Did Alabama Mayor Mark Chambers Call for Killing LGBTQ People?
vclaim-sno-alabama-nurse-covid	A nurse in Alabama died after receiving a vaccination for the COVID-19 coronavirus disease in December 2020.	No, A Nurse in Alabama Did Not Die from COVID-19 Vaccine
vclaim-sno-alabama-poll-workers-arrest	Three poll workers in Birmingham were arrested for voter fraud in connection with the special Alabama Senate election.	Did Alabama State Police Arrest 3 Poll Workers in Birmingham?
vclaim-sno-alabama-rape-rapist-visitation	In 2018 or 2019, an Alabama court ordered a rape survivor named Jessica Stallings to allow her rapist to visit the children who were born to them.	Did an Ala. Court Force Rape Survivor to Allow Rapist to Visit Their Children?
vclaim-sno-alabama-require-vasectomies	A bill introduced to the Alabama Legislature would require a man to undergo a vasectomy within one month of his 50th birthday.	Would an Alabama Bill Require Men Over 50 to Get Vasectomies?
vclaim-sno-alabama-school-segregation	Alabama just brought back racial segregation in schools.	Did Alabama ‘Just Bring Back’ School Segregation?
vclaim-sno-alabama-terrorist-compound	The FBI discovered a terrorist compound in Alabama, as reported in May 2019.	Did the FBI Discover a ‘Homegrown Islamic Terror Compound’ in Alabama?
vclaim-sno-alabama-walmart-pig	An Alabama man named Marvin Halbert was caught having sex with a pig in a Walmart bathroom.	Was an Alabama Man Caught Having Sex with a Pig in a Walmart Bathroom?
vclaim-sno-alabamas-slice-of-pi	"Responding to pressure from religious groups, Alabama's state legislature redefined the value of pi from ""3.14159..."" to ""3"" in order to bring it in line with Biblical precepts."	Alabama’s Slice of Pi
vclaim-sno-alan-rickman-potter-meme	Alan Rickman stated he envisioned sitting in a rocking chair at 80, reading 'Harry Potter' books to his grandchildren.	Alan Rickman Rocking Chair Meme
vclaim-sno-alanis-you-oughta-know	"The Alanis Morissette song ""You Oughta Know"" is about actor Dave Coulier from TV's 'Full House'."	Who is Alanis Morissette’s ‘You Oughta Know’ About?
vclaim-sno-alarming-disarming	President Bill Clinton issued an executive order disarming soldiers on military bases.	Clinton Disarmed Soldiers on Military Bases?
vclaim-sno-alaska-airlines-anniversary-offer	Alaska Airlines is offering a chance to win two free tickets to users who complete a survey.	No, This Alaska Airlines ‘Anniversary Offer’ Is Not Real
vclaim-sno-alaska-earthquake-road-repair	Photographs show a severely earthquake-damaged road in Alaska that was repaired in just a few days.	Is This ‘Before and After’ Image of an Earthquake-Damaged Alaskan Road Real?
vclaim-sno-alaska-hawaii-washington-voters	"Alaska, Hawaii, Washington states are overwhelmingly ""white"" and ""rural."""	Alaska, Hawaii, Washington State Overwhelmingly ‘White, Rural’?
vclaim-sno-alaska-pay-to-stay	All Alaska residents who live in the state 190 days a year and who are not felons receive $2,000 a year.	Will Alaska Pay You $2,000 Not to Leave the State?
vclaim-sno-alaska-town-60-days-without-sun	The sun does not rise in Utqiagvik, Alaska, for more than 60 days during the winter.	Does This Alaska Town Go 60 Days Without Seeing the Sun?
vclaim-sno-alberta-ban-girls-speaking	In October 2019, the Canadian province of Alberta introduced a law banning females aged under 18 from speaking publicly without a license.	Did Alberta, Canada, Ban Girls From Speaking Without a License?
vclaim-sno-albino-hummingbird	Photographs show an albino ruby-throated hummingbird.	Albino Hummingbird
vclaim-sno-albino-moose	Photographs show a pair of albino moose alongside a highway.	Albino Moose
vclaim-sno-alcohol-radioactive	Liquor and wine are illegal in the U.S. unless they are radioactive.	Does U.S. Law Require Alcohol to Be Radioactive?
vclaim-sno-aldi-free-food-homeless-christmas	ALDI offers free food to homeless people at their stores after 4 PM on Christmas Eve.	Is ALDI Offering Homeless People Free Food on Christmas Eve?
vclaim-sno-aldi-giving-away-free-groceries	Aldi is giving away a year's worth of free groceries to people who share or comment on its Facebook page.	Is Aldi Giving Away Free Groceries on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-aldi-hot-cross-buns	ALDI removed the cross from their hot cross buns to appease other religions.	Did ALDI Remove the Cross from Their Hot Cross Buns to Appease Other Religions?
vclaim-sno-aldrin-not-punching-trump	Buzz Aldrin said that his greatest achievement was successfully restraining himself from punching President Trump.	Did Buzz Aldrin Say Not Punching Donald Trump Was His Greatest Achievement?
vclaim-sno-alec-baldwin-arrested-trump	The United States Secret Service arrested Alec Baldwin for threatening President Donald Trump at the 2017 Emmy Awards.	Was Alec Baldwin Arrested at the 2017 Emmys for Threatening President Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-alex-acosta-family-photograph	A photograph shared widely on social media in July 2019 shows former U.S. Secretary of Labor Alex Acosta and his family.	Is This a  Real Photograph of Alex Acosta’s Family?
vclaim-sno-alex-jones-biden-removed	"Conspiracy theorist Alex Jones said President-elect Joe Biden will be ""removed"" from office ""one way or another."""	Did Alex Jones Say Biden Would Be ‘Removed’ From Office ‘One Way or Another’?
vclaim-sno-alex-smith-died-couldnt-afford-insulin	A 26-year-old man named Alex Smith of Minneapolis died because he had aged out of his mother's health insurance and couldn't afford insulin.	Did Alex Smith Die at Age 26 Because He Couldn’t Afford Insulin?
vclaim-sno-alex-trebek-net-worth	"After Alex Trebek died of advanced pancreatic cancer, his ""net worth left his family in tears."""	No, Alex Trebek’s Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-alexa-cpr	Amazon's personal-assistant Alexa can give CPR instructions in an emergency.	Can Amazon’s Alexa Tell You How to Do CPR in an Emergency?
vclaim-sno-alexa-orders-dollhouse-and-cookies	Amazon's Alexa ordered an expensive dollhouse after a child asked the device to play with her, and a news report on the incident triggered several dozen more unwanted orders.	Did Amazon’s Alexa Order Unwanted Dollhouses for a Little Girl and TV Viewers?
vclaim-sno-alexander-hall	Alexander Hall at Princeton University was built according to plans submitted by a failed architecture student who later paid for its construction.	Alexander Hall
vclaim-sno-alexander-vindman-llod	Alexander Vindman, who testified against U.S. President Donald Trump as a witness to the Ukraine phone call, will be charged as a spy.	Will ‘Trump Accuser’ Alexander Vindman Be Charged as a Spy?
vclaim-sno-alexandra-olenka-kuczma	A badly-burned Polish girl will receive $3 towards her medical care every time her photo is shared on Facebook.	OUTDATED: Facebook Appeal for Burned Child
vclaim-sno-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-amazon	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ""chased"" Amazon away from establishing a second headquarters in her district."	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ‘Chase’ Amazon Out of Her NYC District?
vclaim-sno-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-credit	"Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has experienced two ""sheriff evictions,"" two closed checking accounts, and a credit score of 430."	Does Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Have a Low Credit Score, Closed Checking Accounts, and a History of Evictions?
vclaim-sno-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-ensemble	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez wore a $7,600 ensemble to the State of the Union address.	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Wear a $7,600 Ensemble to the State of the Union Address?
vclaim-sno-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-hot-dog-on-stick	A photograph shows Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez working at the Hot Dog on a Stick restaurant shortly before she was fired for incompetence.	Was Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Once Fired from Hot Dog on a Stick?
vclaim-sno-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-husband	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was married with a husband in early February 2021.	Is Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez Married with a Husband?
vclaim-sno-alexandria-shooter-james-hodgkinson-protested-with-sign-rand-paul-tweet	Alexandria shooter James Hodgkinson protested with a sign featuring a Rand Paul tweet.	Did Alexandria Shooter James Hodgkinson Hold a Sign With a Rand Paul Tweet?
vclaim-sno-alexandrias-genesis	A mutation known Alexandria's Genesis turns people into 'perfect human beings' who exhibit purple eyes six months after birth.	Alexandria’s Genesis
vclaim-sno-alfie-evans-vaccines	A scientific study shows the death of Alfie Evans was caused by aluminum additives in vaccines.	Did a Study Show That Aluminum from Vaccines Killed Alfie Evans?
vclaim-sno-algae-poison-dog	Blue-green algae (known scientifically as cyanobacteria) are capable of poisoning dogs and other pets.	Can Algae Poison a Dog?
vclaim-sno-alice-cooper-jean-stapleton	A photograph shows rocker Alice Cooper together with actress Jean Stapleton.	Is This a Photograph of Rocker Alice Cooper and Actress Jean Stapleton?
vclaim-sno-alice-in-wonderland-queen-victoria	The author of 'Alice in Wonderland' prankishly sent an admiring Queen Victoria a copy of one of his mathematics texts.	Did Lewis Carroll Send Queen Victoria a Mathematics Text?
vclaim-sno-alicia-machado-adult-star	Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado was a 'porn star.'	Was Miss Universe Alicia Machado a ‘Porn Star’?
vclaim-sno-alien-caught-on-kerala-karnataka-border	A video shows an alien that was caught in southern India, near the shared border of Kerala and Karnataka states.	Was an Alien Caught on the Kerala, Karnataka Border?
vclaim-sno-alien-cellphone-found	Archaeologists dug up an 800-year-old alien cellphone in Austria.	Did Archaeologists Dig Up an 800-Year-Old Alien Cellphone?
vclaim-sno-alien-mummy-baffles-scientists	"An ""alien mummy"" was recently unearthed in a pyramid, and scientists cannot explain its origins."	Alien Mummy Found, Scientists Baffled
vclaim-sno-alien-mummy-peru	A corpse found in Nazca, Peru, is that of an alien.	Did Researchers Find a Mummified, Three-Fingered Alien in Nazca, Peru?
vclaim-sno-alien-nation	Several prominent politicians and political commentators were born nine months after the 1947 Roswell “UFO” incident.	Politicians Born After Roswell UFO Crash
vclaim-sno-alien-spotted-boarding-ufo-in-romania	A video showed an alien boarding a spaceship in Romania in January 2018.	Was an Alien Spotted Boarding a UFO in Romania?
vclaim-sno-alien-ufo-crash	The government declassified a picture that showed military and government personnel surrounding a flyer saucer.	Did a ‘Declassified’ Picture Show an Alien UFO Crash?
vclaim-sno-alix-idrache-west-point-graduate	Viral social media posts accurately portray the story of Alix Idrache, a Haitian immigrant who graduated from West Point.	Is the Story Behind Alix Idrache West Point Photograph Genuine?
vclaim-sno-all-about-the-benjamin	During a Fox News interview, Michele Bachmann said the U.S. could “use a President like Benjamin Franklin again.”	Michele Bachmann: ‘This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again’
vclaim-sno-all-dearborn-churches-close	All Christian churches in Dearborn, Michigan, have closed as 18 April 2018.	Did All Christian Churches in Dearborn, Michigan, Close in April 2018?
vclaim-sno-all-ears	Photograph shows Barack Obama wearing an earpiece during a presidential debate.	Obama Earpiece
vclaim-sno-all-female-senate-snowstorm	Only female senators showed up for work in Congress following Snowstorm Jonas.	Only Women Showed up to the U.S. Senate After a Snowstorm?
vclaim-sno-all-of-this-for-a-damned-flag	During a 9/11 commemoration ceremony, Michelle Obama exclaimed, 'All of this for a damned flag'?	Did Michelle Obama Ask, ‘All of This for a Damned Flag’?
vclaim-sno-all-the-good-things	A teacher's ad hoc class assignment is kept and treasured by her students.	All the Good Things
vclaim-sno-all-time-low	Careless e-mail forward reveals embarrassing dating details.	All Time Low in Dating
vclaim-sno-all-work-and-no-playstation	A Facebook page is giving away hundreds of PlayStation 4 or PlayStation 5 consoles because they have been unsealed and cannot be sold.	Free PlayStation Facebook Giveaway
vclaim-sno-allah-or-jesus	Prison imam is questioned about Islamic attitude toward infidels.	Allah or Jesus?
vclaim-sno-allahu-akbar-rally	"A video shows an audience member scaring Donald Trump at a rally by screaming ""Allahu Akbar."""	Did an Audience Member Scare Trump by Shouting ‘Allahu Akbar’ at a Rally?
vclaim-sno-allan-jones-nfl	"In September 2017, Tennessee businessman and CEO of Hardwick Clothes Allan Jones withdrew all NFL-related advertising for his companies, in response to ""unpatriotic"" national anthem protests."	Did the CEO of Hardwick Clothes Cut Ties With the NFL Over ‘Unpatriotic’ Protests?
vclaim-sno-allen-iverson-40000-strip-club	Former NBA player Allen Iverson denied spending $40,000 at a strip club, saying he actually spent that amount at a TGI Friday's restaurant.	Did Allen Iverson Say He Spent $40K at TGI Friday’s, Not a Strip Club?
vclaim-sno-allen-west-colin-kaepernick	The former Florida representative and wrote an angry column about 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick on his personal blog.	Allen West Pens Open Letter to Colin Kaepernick
vclaim-sno-allen-west-on-black-history-month	Article reproduces Florida Congressman Allen West’s comments about Black History Month.	Allen West on Black History Month
vclaim-sno-alley-oops	Christian girl who prays for protection while walking home late one night is saved by two angels who keep her safe from rape.	Did Angels Prevent a Rape?
vclaim-sno-alligator-attack-on-golfer	Photographs show a golfer whose arm was torn off by an alligator.	Are These Photos of an Alligator Attack on a Golfer?
vclaim-sno-alligator-eats-girl-photo	Video shows a woman getting eaten by an alligator while posing for a photograph along a riverbank.	Alligator Eats Girl Taking Photograph?
vclaim-sno-alligator-rape-arrest	A man named Shawn Kilums was arrested in Florida for tranquilizing and raping alligators.	Was a Florida Man Arrested for Tranquilizing and Raping Alligators in the Everglades?
vclaim-sno-alligator-selfie-hoax	"A New Zealand Woman died in Pensacola in an attempt to take an ""alligator selfie."""	Did a Tourist from New Zealand Die Taking an ‘Alligator Selfie’?
vclaim-sno-alligators-sewers	A thriving colony of large alligators lives deep within the bowels of the New York City sewer system.	Can Alligators Live in Sewers?
vclaim-sno-alligators-white-house-pets	One or more U.S. presidents (or members of their families) kept live alligators in the White House or on its grounds.	Were Alligators Ever Kept as White House Pets?
vclaim-sno-allison-mack-rothschild-clinton	Actress Allison Mack confessed that she sold children to the Rothschilds and Clintons.	Did Allison Mack Confess She Sold Children to Rothschilds and Clintons?
vclaim-sno-allstate-island-real	A real island was shown in an Allstate television advertisement in 2020.	Is the Island from the Allstate TV Ad Real?
vclaim-sno-alone-in-a-crowd	Photograph shows a student with cerebral palsy who was left alone apart from the rest of the choir during a school performance in which he was supposed to take part.	Disabled Student Sidelined During Choir Performance
vclaim-sno-alt-right-hail-trump-salute	"Members of the alt-right group the National Policy Institute can be seen on video doing a Nazi-like salute as speaker Richard Spencer calls out ""Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!"""	Video Shows Alt-Right Group Engaging in ‘Hail Trump’ Salute
vclaim-sno-altered-states	The federal government is planning to eliminate 16 states from the U.S.	Redrawn Map of the United States
vclaim-sno-alton-sterling-arrest-record	Alton Sterling was a member of the Bloods gang and had a lengthy criminal record.	Alton Sterling: Longtime Criminal and Gang Member?
vclaim-sno-alton-sterling-killed-trump-supporter-robert-kinnison	Alton Sterling was shot and killed by Louisiana police officer (and Donald Trump supporter) Robert Kinnison.	Alton Sterling Killed by Trump Supporter Robert Kinnison
vclaim-sno-alton-sterling-photograph-myspace	A photograph shows Alton Sterling and two children holding guns.	Photograph Shows Alton Sterling with Children, Guns
vclaim-sno-alyssa-ahlgren-coffee-shop	"An opinion piece entitled ""Thoughts from a hipster coffee shop"" was written by conservative commentator Alyssa Ahlgren."	Did Alyssa Ahlgren Write ‘Thoughts from a Hipster Coffee Shop’?
vclaim-sno-amanda-bynes-now	A photograph shows former child star Amanda Bynes working in product support.	Does a Picture Show Amanda Bynes Now Working in Product Support?
vclaim-sno-amanda-in-longview-trafficking-claim	A woman named Amanda spared her child from blatant human trafficking agents in a checkout line.	Amanda in Longview Trafficking Claim
vclaim-sno-amazing-catch-2	Video shows a ball girl making an amazing catch at a minor league baseball game.	FALSE: Ball Girl Makes Amazing Catch
vclaim-sno-amazing-catch	A video clip captured a ball girl making an outstanding catch at a major league baseball game.	Ball Girl Makes Outstanding Catch
vclaim-sno-amazing-duck-story	Photographs show ducklings that survived a 10-foot jump from an office building in downtown Spokane.	Spokane Man Saves Ducklings Jumping from Building Ledge
vclaim-sno-amazing-grace	Having survived a horrific storm, a slave trader promptly gave up his livelihood, became a Christian, and penned the hymn 'Amazing Grace' in thanksgiving.	Was ‘Amazing Grace’ Penned By a Repentant Slave Trader?
vclaim-sno-amazingly-beautiful-blood-clot	A photograph shows a large blood clot removed from a patient's lung.	Is This a Picture of an ‘Amazingly Beautiful’ Blood Clot?
vclaim-sno-amazon-apple-phone-scam	Amazon and Apple are calling customers because suspicious account activity requires that the customer provide personal information such as a password or credit card number.	Amazon and Apple Phone Scam
vclaim-sno-amazon-auschwitz-decorations	Amazon sold Christmas ornaments with images of the Nazi death camp Auschwitz on them.	Did Amazon Sell Auschwitz-Themed Christmas Ornaments?
vclaim-sno-amazon-bankrupting-united-states-postal-service	Amazon's use of the USPS for package delivery services has resulted in a severe financial loss to the Postal Service.	Is Amazon Bankrupting the United States Postal Service?
vclaim-sno-amazon-book-order-cancellation-scam	Amazon.com is sending out notifications of canceled  orders for non-existent books.	Amazon Book Order Cancellation Scam
vclaim-sno-amazon-child-sex-dolls	"""Child sex doll"" products were briefly available via Amazon in March 2019."	Were ‘Child Sex Dolls’ Briefly Offered via Amazon?
vclaim-sno-amazon-college-textbook-rentals	Amazon allows customers in the United States to rent certain textbooks for a fee.	Does Amazon Rent Out College Textbooks?
vclaim-sno-amazon-donations-sick-leave	Amazon solicited donations from the public to pay sick leave to contractors and seasonal workers during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Amazon Solicit Donations to Help Pay Worker Sick Leave?
vclaim-sno-amazon-drone-releasing-blimp	A video shows dozens of delivery drones being released from an Amazon blimp.	Is This Amazon Drone-Releasing Blimp Real?
vclaim-sno-amazon-employees-food-stamps	"Amazon employees ""earn so little they qualify for food stamps."""	Do Amazon Employees Qualify for Food Stamps?
vclaim-sno-amazon-federal-taxes-2017	Amazon paid zero dollars in federal income tax in 2017.	Did Amazon Pay No Federal Income Taxes in 2017?
vclaim-sno-amazon-gathering-donations-goodwill	Amazon is taking part in a collection effort for Goodwill.	Is Amazon Gathering Donations for Goodwill?
vclaim-sno-amazon-gift-card	Amazon is giving out free $200 gift cards to Facebook users.	Free $200 Amazon Gift Card
vclaim-sno-amazon-holiday-shopping	Amazon just announced a major game changer in time for holiday shopping.	Did Amazon Announce a ‘Major Game Changer’ for Holiday Shopping?
vclaim-sno-amazon-issues-credits-in-e-book-settlement	Amazon is issuing credits to many customers due to the settlement of an e-book lawsuit.	Amazon Issues Credits in e-Book Settlement
vclaim-sno-amazon-logo-hitlers-mustache	Amazon issued an update to a logo released in early 2021 after social media users compared the design to Adolf Hitler's mustache.	Did Amazon Change Logo After Users Compared It to Hitler’s Mustache?
vclaim-sno-amazon-no-income-taxes-2018	Amazon paid zero dollars in federal income tax in 2018.	Did Amazon Pay No Federal Income Taxes in 2018?
vclaim-sno-amazon-phone-call-scam	Amazon is calling Prime customers and asking for personal information.	Amazon Prime Phone Call Scam
vclaim-sno-amazon-prime-increased-prices	Amazon Prime increased its membership prices.	Did Amazon Prime Increase Its Membership Prices?
vclaim-sno-amazon-rainforest-on-fire-2019	Portions of the Amazon rainforest were on fire in August 2019.	Was the Amazon Rainforest on Fire in August 2019?
vclaim-sno-amazon-recall-ring-doorbells	Amazon recalled more than 350,000 Ring video doorbells sold in the U.S. and Canada because they can catch fire when rung.	Did Amazon Recall Ring Doorbells That Can Catch Fire?
vclaim-sno-amazon-shipping-mail-in-ballots	U.S. President Donald Trump was furious after Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos offered Prime members free one-day shipping for all mail-in ballots for the November 2020 elections.	Is Amazon Offering Free 1-Day Shipping for Ballots?
vclaim-sno-amazon-shirts	"""Blue Lives Murder"" shirts can be purchased on Amazon."	Are ‘Blue Lives Murder’ Shirts Available to Buy on Amazon?
vclaim-sno-amazon-spray-boxes-chemicals	Shipping and technology company Amazon sprays its boxes with chemicals that have been shown to cause chemical burns in some pets.	Does Amazon Spray Boxes With Chemicals Dangerous to Pets?
vclaim-sno-amazon-suspending-deliveries-covid	Amazon announced that it was suspending all deliveries except for medical supplies during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is Amazon Suspending All Deliveries Except Medical Supplies?
vclaim-sno-amazon-vaccine-distribution	Amazon waited until former U.S. President Donald Trump left office to offer help distributing COVID-19 vaccines.	Did Amazon Wait To Help Distribute COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-amb-iggy-uous	Australian recording artist Iggy Izalea was born male.	Was Iggy Azalea Born Male?
vclaim-sno-amber-alert-chucky	"The Texas Department of Public Safety sent out an Amber alert for the horror doll Chucky and his ""son"" Glen."	Did Texas Issue an Amber Alert for ‘Son of Chucky’?
vclaim-sno-amber-alert-shutdown	The AMBER Alert system has been discontinued due to the federal government shutdown.	AMBER Alert Shutdown
vclaim-sno-amber-heard-fired	Amber Heard was fired from the film Aquaman 2.	Was Amber Heard Fired from ‘Aquaman 2’?
vclaim-sno-amelia-bassano-william-shakespeare	A black woman named Amelia Bassano has been proved the true (uncredited) author of all of William Shakespeare's plays.	Amelia Bassano: The True Shakespeare?
vclaim-sno-amelia-earharts-remains-located	Bones found on the remote Pacific Island of Nikumaroro belong to famed aviator Amelia Earhart.	Have Amelia Earhart’s Remains Been Located?
vclaim-sno-america-as-the-last-man-standing	"Dutch politician Geert Wilders delivered a speech on the scenario of ""America as the Last Man Standing."""	The Lights Are Going Out All Over Europe
vclaim-sno-america-first-ku-klux-klan-slogan	"President Trump's oft-repeated slogan ""America First"" was also a credo of the white supremacist Ku Klux Klan organization."	Was ‘America First’ a Slogan of the Ku Klux Klan?
vclaim-sno-america-is-great-de-tocqueville	"Alexis de Tocqueville wrote that ""America is great because she is good."""	Did Alexis de Tocqueville Say ‘America Is Great Because She Is Good’?
vclaim-sno-america-rounding-the-turn-covid-19	As of late October 2020, the U.S. had reached its peak total of COVID-19 cases and was seeing a steady decrease in positive tests since then.	Is America Really ‘Rounding the Turn’ on COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-america-scouts	The Obama administration is planning to launch an “America Scouts” youth program.	Obama to Launch America Scouts
vclaim-sno-america-sings	A hostess working the America Sings attraction was crushed to death by a rotating wall.	America Sings Death
vclaim-sno-american-airlines-trump-rioters-dc	American Airlines has enforced new precautions in response to the pro-Trump mob violence in the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021, and related aggression on flights.	Is American Airlines Taking Precautions Against Pro-Trump Rioters Leaving DC?
vclaim-sno-american-cancer-society-hoax	For every forwarded copy of an e-mail received, the American Cancer Society will donate three cents to cancer research.	American Cancer Society Hoax
vclaim-sno-american-flag-doormats	The Lowe’s home improvement chain sells American flag doormats.	Lowe’s Sells American Flag Door Mats?
vclaim-sno-american-flag-white-house	A meme shows the American flag displayed on the White House in 2017, and a rainbow display in 2016.	Was an American Flag Displayed on the White House?
vclaim-sno-american-girl	The Tom Petty song “American Girl” was based on a student’s suicide at the University of Florida.	‘American Girl’ Suicide
vclaim-sno-american-pharaoh-released-wild	Owner Ahmed Zayat has released Triple Crown winner American Pharaoh into the wild.	Has Triple Crown Winner American Pharaoh Been Released Into the Wild?
vclaim-sno-american-pie	The airplane that carried Buddy Holly to his death was named 'American Pie.'	Did Buddy Holly Die in an Airplane Called ‘American Pie’?
vclaim-sno-american-psychiatric-association-pedophilia	The American Psychiatric Association condones pedophilia and says it is normal to be sexually attracted to children.	American Psychiatric Association Condones Pedophilia
vclaim-sno-american-samoa	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is linked to the provision of wage and tax breaks for companies in American Samoa.	Is Nancy Pelosi Linked to Wage and Tax Breaks for Companies in American Samoa?
vclaim-sno-american-sniping	Filmmaker Michael Moore called	Michael Moore Called Chris Kyle a Coward?
vclaim-sno-american-spelling-canceled	"Americans eliminated unnecessary letters from the British spellings of words such as ""cancelled"" and ""colour"" because U.S. newspapers charged by the letter for advertising."	Why Is It ‘Cancelled’ in the UK, But ‘Canceled’ in America?
vclaim-sno-american-taliban-michael-thompson	"We break down the factual claims made by the ""Other 98%"" about the cases of John Walker Lindh and Michael Alonzo Thompson."	40 Years in Prison for Selling Cannabis, 17 Years for Joining the Taliban?
vclaim-sno-american-taxpayers90-billion	In 2018, American taxpayers paid over $90 billion more under the Trump administration's tax law than they did the previous year.	Did U.S. Taxpayers Pay Over $90 Billion More Under Trump’s Tax Law?
vclaim-sno-american-teenager-in-prison	"An American teenager got 30 years in prison for killing a ""Muslim refugee"" who raped his sister."	Did an American Teenager Who Killed a ‘Muslim Refugee’ for Raping His Sister Get 30 Years in Prison?
vclaim-sno-american-thinker-vote-fraud	The conservative news site American Thinker admitted in January 2021 that it spread false claims about U.S. voter fraud.	Did a Conservative News Site Admit Its Voter-Fraud Claims Were False?
vclaim-sno-american-three-terrorist-attacks	A young Mormon missionary has survived three terrorist attacks in three countries.	American Teen Survives Three Terrorist Attacks
vclaim-sno-americans-immune-zika-virus	Americans are immune to the Zika virus.	American Immunity to the Zika Virus
vclaim-sno-americans-no-abilities-act	"The U.S. Congress is considering passage of the ""Americans with No Abilities"" Act."	Did the U.S. Pass an ‘Americans with No Abilities’ Act?
vclaim-sno-americas-favorite-fast-food	A map shows America's Favorite Fast Food restaurants.	Are These America’s Favorite Fast Food Restaurants?
vclaim-sno-americas-pediatricians-gender-kids	The U.S.'s leading group of pediatricians issued a strong statement condemning tolerance of gender dysphoria in children.	Did American Pediatricians Issue a Statement That Transgenderism Is ‘Child Abuse’?
vclaim-sno-amero-coins	The U.S. has been producing the “Amero” coins, money to be used by an economic union of the USA, Canada, and Mexico.	Amero Coins
vclaim-sno-amero-notes	The U.S. has been producing Amero notes, currency to be used by an economic union of the USA, Canada, and Mexico.	Amero Notes
vclaim-sno-amish-buggies-trump	Photos and videos show members of the Amish community displaying their support for U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Amish Buggies Show Support for Trump?
vclaim-sno-amish-community-puppy-mills	"The Amish own 20 percent of the nation's ""puppy mills."""	Does the Amish Community Own 20 Percent of American Puppy Mills?
vclaim-sno-amish-dobergoat-fighting-ring-busted	Police in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, busted an Amish dobergoat fighting ring.	Amish Dobergoat Fighting Ring Busted!
vclaim-sno-amish-mafia	The reality TV series	Is 'Amish Mafia' Real?
vclaim-sno-amish-trump-presidential-victory	The Amish Brotherhood have endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Amish in America Commit Vote to Donald Trump, Mathematically Guaranteeing Him a Presidential Victory
vclaim-sno-ammo-dump	"A sheriff attributed a suspect's being shot 68 times to ""that's all  the bullets we had."""	Suspect Shot 68 Times by Police
vclaim-sno-ammon-bundy-rosa-parks	Ammon Bundy posted a message on Twitter comparing himself to Rosa Parks.	FALSE: Ammon Bundy Compared Himself To Rosa Parks
vclaim-sno-amnesty-donald-trump-human-rights	"In February 2018, Amnesty International officially declared U.S. President Donald Trump a ""human rights violator."""	Did Amnesty International ‘Officially Declare’ Donald Trump a ‘Human Rights Violator’?
vclaim-sno-amusement-park-break-in-lawsuit	Two women entered a closed amusement park and then sued its operators after injuring themselves while improperly self-operating an attraction.	Did Two Women Sue a Water Park for Injuries After Breaking into It?
vclaim-sno-amy-barrett-handmaids-tale	Judge Amy Coney Barrett, U.S. President Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee, is a member of a Christian group that inspired Margaret Atwood’s dystopian novel “The Handmaid’s Tale.”	Did Amy Coney Barrett’s Religious Group Inspire ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’?
vclaim-sno-amy-bruce-slow-dance	Forwarding an e-mail message will help Amy Bruce, a 7-year-old girl dying of lung cancer and a brain tumor.	Amy Bruce Cancer Appeal
vclaim-sno-amy-coney-barrett-breastfeeding	"Judge Amy Coney Barrett said breastfeeding is a ""sexual act"" that constitutes a form of child molestation."	Did Amy Coney Barrett Say This About Breastfeeding?
vclaim-sno-amy-coney-barrett-fly	A photograph shows a fly on U.S. Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett's shoulder on day one of her confirmation hearing.	Did a Fly Land on Amy Coney Barrett?
vclaim-sno-amy-coney-barrett-rhodes-scholar	Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a Rhodes Scholar.	Is Amy Coney Barrett a Rhodes Scholar?
vclaim-sno-amy-coney-barrett-women-property	U.S. President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee Judge Amy Coney Barrett said that women should not be able to own, buy, or sell property without the permission of their husband or a male relative.	Did Supreme Court Nominee Barrett Say Women Shouldn’t Own Property?
vclaim-sno-amy-coney-barrett	On Dec. 8, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump retweeted a photo of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett that was edited to make her eyes radiate cartoonish light beams.	Did Trump Retweet This Fake Photo of Amy Coney Barrett?
vclaim-sno-amy-schumer-arrested	Comedian Amy Schumer was arrested at the 2017 Academy Awards for threatening during the live television broadcast to harm President Trump.	Liberal Hero Amy Schumer Goes from Red Carpet to Jail After Threatening Trump on Live TV?
vclaim-sno-amy-schumer-female-remake-saving-private-ryan	Amy Schumer will lead an all-female cast in a remake of Saving Private Ryan	Amy Schumer to Star in an All-Female Remake of Saving Private Ryan?
vclaim-sno-amy-schumer-ripping-up-fetus	Actress Amy Schumer posed for a magazine spread depicting her ripping apart a fetus.	Was Amy Schumer Photographed Ripping Up a Fetus?
vclaim-sno-amy-winehouse-angelina-jordan	"A video shows a 10-year-old Amy Winehouse singing ""What A Difference A Day Makes."""	Video Shows Amy Winehouse Singing at Age 10?
vclaim-sno-amy-winehouse-del-rey	A photograph shows Amy Winehouse and Lana Del Rey hanging out together.	FALSE: Photograph Shows Amy Winehouse with Lana Del Rey
vclaim-sno-an-american-tail	Barack Obama removed the U.S. flag from the tail of Air Force One and replaced it with his own logo.	Barack Obama Removes Flag from Air Force One?
vclaim-sno-an-injection-addiction	Studies have shown that children who are vaccinated are 85% more likely to inject heroin than those who are not.	Childhood Vaccinations Lead to Heroin Use?
vclaim-sno-an-irish-goodbye	Gov. Bobby Jindal broke off trade relations with Ireland after that country legalized gay marriage.	Louisiana Breaks Off Trade Relations with Ireland?
vclaim-sno-an-ode-to-america	Romanian newspaperman Cornel Nistorescu penned a pro-America editorial immediately after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	An Ode to America
vclaim-sno-anarchist-recruitment-flyer	"An image shows a recruitment flyer for a group seeking to hire ""professional anarchists."""	Is This a Real Anarchist Recruitment Flyer?
vclaim-sno-anatomically-correct-change	U.S. buffalo nickels are being recalled because the bison depicted is anatomically correct.	Buffalo Nickel
vclaim-sno-anatomically-incorrect	Ted Cruz was unable to locate the clitoris on a diagram of the female anatomy.	Did Ted Cruz Fail to Identify the Clitoris on a Female Anatomy Chart?
vclaim-sno-ancestry-dna-steal-own	Ancestry.com can retain the rights to your genetic information if you sign up for their DNA testing.	Can Ancestry.com Take Ownership of Your DNA Data?
vclaim-sno-ancient-giant-trees	A photograph shows the remains of an ancient tree trunk measuring more than two miles (3.2 km) wide.	Does This Photograph Document the Ancient Stump of a Giant Tree?
vclaim-sno-ancient-mayan-sculpture-batman	A photograph shows an Ancient Mayan sculpture of Batman.	Is This an Ancient Mayan Sculpture of Batman?
vclaim-sno-and-never-the-twain-shall-tweet	"Mark Twain once asserted ""The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco."""	Mark Twain on Coldest Winter
vclaim-sno-anderson-cooper-hurricane	Photographs document CNN's Anderson Cooper faking the depths of Hurricane Florence floodwaters.	Is This Anderson Cooper Standing in a Ditch While Reporting Hurricane Florence?
vclaim-sno-anderson-cooper-laughing-at-kellyanne-conway	"A video shows Anderson Cooper laughing uncontrollably after Kellyanne Conway used the phrase ""alternative facts."""	Is Anderson Cooper Laughing at Kellyanne Conway?
vclaim-sno-andre-giant-holding-beer-can	A photograph shows André the Giant holding a 12-oz. can of beer.	Is This a Picture of André the Giant Holding a Beer Can?
vclaim-sno-andre-the-giant-samuel-beckett	Samuel Beckett used to drive a teenaged André the Giant to school when they lived in a small French village.	Did Samuel Beckett Drive a Young André the Giant to School?
vclaim-sno-andrew-cuomo-maskless-party	Photographs show Gov. Andrew Cuomo at a birthday party in the Hamptons without a mask on.	Did Gov. Cuomo Host a Maskless Birthday Party in the Hamptons?
vclaim-sno-andrew-cuomo-pay-raise	Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York recently received a little-publicized $71,000 pay raise that made him the highest paid governor in the U.S.	Did Gov. Cuomo Just Get a $71,000 Pay Raise?
vclaim-sno-andrew-gillum-suspending-campaigning	Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum has suspended his campaign for governor of Florida.	Did Andrew Gillum Suspend His Campaign for Governor of Florida?
vclaim-sno-andrew-giuliani-white-house	The son of U.S. President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, works in the White House.	Does Rudy Giuliani’s Son Work in the White House?
vclaim-sno-andrew-johnson-impeach-3-days	A vote to impeach U.S. President Andrew Johnson was held just three days after the offending action.	Was U.S. President Andrew Johnson Impeached in 3 Days?
vclaim-sno-andrew-lincoln-andes-flight	Actor Andrew Lincoln's father was in a 1972 plane crash in the Andes mountain and survived by eating the other passengers.	‘Walking Dead’ Star Andrew Lincoln’s Father Wasn’t a Survivor of the 1972 Andes Flight Disaster
vclaim-sno-andrew-lincoln-death-hoax	Actor Andrew Lincoln died in a car crash in February 2017.	Andrew Lincoln Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-andrew-pollack-parkland-trump	A significant number of internet users 'attacked' Andrew Pollack, a man mourning the death of his daughter, on the basis of his support for Donald Trump.	Did People ‘Attack’ the Father of a School Shooting Victim for Wearing a Donald Trump T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-andrew-yang-old-york	Andrew Yang said that New York City should just be called York because there isn't an Old York.	Does Andrew Yang Want To Rename NYC Because ‘There Isn’t an Old York’?
vclaim-sno-andromeda-galaxy-moon-photo	A photograph of the Andromeda Galaxy next to the moon was taken without a telescope in Finland.	Photograph ‘Taken Without a Telescope’ Shows Andromeda Galaxy Next to the Moon
vclaim-sno-andy-kaufman-hoax	Comedian Andy Kaufman is still alive, many years after his announced death.	Is Andy Kaufman Still Alive?
vclaim-sno-andy-rooney-on-everything	A list compiles Andy Rooney's wry observations on a variety of topics.	Andy Rooney on Everything
vclaim-sno-andy-rooney-politics	A transcript reproduces '60 Minutes' commentator Andy Rooney's explaining his political views.	Andy Rooney’s Political Views
vclaim-sno-andys-coming	"Shouting ""Andy's coming!"" to Toy Story characters at Disney theme parks will cause them to stop and drop."	Andy’s Coming!
vclaim-sno-angel-flights-fallen-soldiers	"A photograph shows an ""Angel Flight"" releasing a flare salute in honor of the fallen soldiers it is transporting."	Do ‘Angel Flights’ Release Flare Salutes for Fallen Soldiers?
vclaim-sno-angel-fraley-v-facebook	Some Facebook users are eligible to claim a payout from the settlement of the	Class Action Lawsuit: Angel Fraley v. Facebook
vclaim-sno-angel-trees	The Salvation Army charges families for clothing and toys donated to them through the Angel Tree program.	Salvation Army Holiday Angel Tree Program
vclaim-sno-angelina-jolie-death-hoax	Angelina Jolie committed suicide in August 2016.	Angelina Jolie Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-angelina-jolie-send-children-back	After breaking up with Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie decided to return her adopted children to orphanages in order to focus on her career.	Angelina Jolie to Send All Six Children Back to an Orphanage
vclaim-sno-angels-with-filthy-souls-real	"""Angels with Filthy Souls,"" the old movie that Kevin watches in ""Home Alone,"" is a real movie."	Is ‘Angels with Filthy Souls’ a Real Movie?
vclaim-sno-angry-atheists-ban-bible	Atheists are trying to ban Bibles from all hotel rooms.	Angry Atheists Ban the Bible?
vclaim-sno-animal-brothels-open-germany-migrant-population-hits-22-percent	Animal brothels opened in Germany amidst a surge of immigration.	‘Animal Brothels’ Open in Germany as Migrant Population Hits 22 Percent?
vclaim-sno-animal-rescue-theft-harvey	Anyone who rescues an animal from dangers caused by Tropical Storm Harvey can be prosecuted for theft of an animal in Texas.	Can Animal Rescuers Be Prosecuted for Theft for Saving Animals from Harvey?
vclaim-sno-animal-testing-cosmetics-photo	A photograph shows MAC Cosmetics testing its products on a group of cats.	Animal Testing Conducted by MAC Cosmetics?
vclaim-sno-animal-testing-image	A photograph depicts a rabbit subjected to animal testing at the L'Oreal cosmetic company's labs.	Is This a Picture of a Bunny at a L’Oreal Animal Testing Lab?
vclaim-sno-animas-river-spill	A spill by the Environmental Protection Agency rendered the normally pristine blue Animas River a terrifying mustard yellow.	Did the EPA Cause the Animas River Spill?
vclaim-sno-anissa-weier-slenderman	"Anissa Weier, one of the teens sentenced to live in a mental health facility after the 2014 ""Slender Man"" stabbing, has petitioned a court for her release."	Is One of the ‘Slenderman’ Stabbing Teens Petitioning for Release?
vclaim-sno-ann-coulter-arrested-using-womens-bathroom	Ann Coulter was arrested for using the women's bathroom.	Ann Coulter Arrested for Using Women’s Bathroom
vclaim-sno-ann-coulter-men-no-choice	"Ann Coulter posted a tweet stating that ""men have no choice but to rape because they have no opportunities to date attractive women?."""	Did Ann Coulter Tweet That ‘Men Have No Choice But to Rape …’?
vclaim-sno-ann-coulter-timothy-mcveigh-quote	"Ann Coulter said her ""only regret"" about Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh was that he didn't go to the New York Times."	Did Ann Coulter Say This About the Oklahoma City Bomber?
vclaim-sno-ann-coulter	Ann Coulter refused to stay aboard an airplane piloted by a black woman.	Ann Coulter Refuses to Board Airplane With Black Pilot
vclaim-sno-ann-landers-quote-about-aging	This quote can be attributed to advice columnist Ann Landers: “At age 20, we worry about what others think of us. At age 40, we don't care what they think of us. At age 60, we discover they haven't been thinking of us at all.”	Did Advice Columnist Ann Landers Say This About Aging?
vclaim-sno-ann-of-the-thousand-knights	Actress Ann-Margret autographed a tattered photo presented to her at a book signing by an	Ann-Margret Thanks Soldiers
vclaim-sno-anna-kostenko	Slideshow presents photorealistic paintings by an artist named Anna Kostenko.	Anna Kostenko Photorealistic Paintings
vclaim-sno-annabelle-doll-escape-museum	The Annabelle doll escaped from the Warren's Occult Museum in Connecticut.	Did the Annabelle Doll Escape from the Warren Museum?
vclaim-sno-anne-frank-children-separated	Holocaust-era diarist Anne Frank wrote about families being torn apart and women and children being separated.	Did Anne Frank Write About ‘Terrible Things Happening’ and ‘Families Torn Apart’?
vclaim-sno-anne-frank-refugee	The family of Anne Frank sought (and was denied) refugee status in the United States.	Was Anne Frank Denied Refugee Status by the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-annie-glenn	An article details the efforts of John Glenn's wife, Annie, to overcome stuttering.	How John Glenn’s Wife, Annie, Overcame Her Stuttering
vclaim-sno-anonymous-daily-stormer	Anonymous seized the domain of white supremacist site Daily Stormer and announced its imminent demise.	Did Anonymous Bring Down The Daily Stormer?
vclaim-sno-anonymous-donor-pays-2-5-million	An anonymous donor contributed $2.5 million to bail out protesters arrested at the Dakota Access Pipeline.	Anonymous Donor Pays $2.5 Million to Release Everyone Arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline?
vclaim-sno-anonymous-masks-illegal	It is illegal to wear Anonymous (i.e., Guy Fawkes) masks in public in the United States.	Wearing Anonymous Masks in Public Is Illegal
vclaim-sno-anonymous-opkkk	Anonymous has discovered evidence that numerous politicians have Ku Klux Klan connections.	Anonymous OpKKK
vclaim-sno-another-man-ford-assault	Another man was responsible for the assault that Christine Blasey Ford described as being perpetrated by Judge Brett Kavanaugh.	Is Another Man Responsible for Christine Blasey Ford’s Assault?
vclaim-sno-antarctic-wave	Photographs show ice formations in Lake Huron created by waves of water freezing in midair.	Antarctic Wave
vclaim-sno-antarctica-covid-cases	Antarctica reported its first COVID-19 cases in December 2020.	Did Antarctica Report Its First COVID-19 Cases in December 2020?
vclaim-sno-anthony-bourdain-expose-elite-ring	TV celebrity and food writer Anthony Bourdain was planning to run an exposé of an pedophile ring at the time of his death.	Was Anthony Bourdain About to Expose an Elite Pedophile Ring?
vclaim-sno-anthony-bourdain-killed-by-clinton-operatives	An investigation determined that celebrity chef Anthony Bourdain was killed by Hillary Clinton operatives.	Was Anthony Bourdain Killed by Clinton Operatives?
vclaim-sno-anthony-hopkins-death-hoax	Actor Anthony Hopkins has died.	Anthony Hopkins Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-anthony-hopkins-height	Actor Anthony Hopkins is one of the shortest men in Hollywood.	Is Anthony Hopkins One of the ‘Shortest Men in Hollywood’?
vclaim-sno-anthony-kennedy-resignation-trump	Justice Anthony Kennedy suddenly resigned from the Supreme Court as part of a deal to shield his son from ongoing Russian investigations.	Did Anthony Kennedy Resign from the Supreme Court to Protect His Son?
vclaim-sno-anthony-southern	A man named Anthony Southern is wanted by police for beating a 17-month-old child.	Anthony Southern
vclaim-sno-anthony-weiner-protective-custody	Anthony Weiner was placed in protective custody until he can testify against Hillary Clinton.	Anthony Weiner Placed in Protective Custody — Will Turn State’s Evidence Against Hillary?
vclaim-sno-anti-antifa-shirt-capitol-riot	"A photograph shows a person wearing an ""anti-antifa"" shirt before the U.S. Capitol riot in Washington, D.C."	Was an ‘Anti-Antifa’ Shirt Worn at US Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-anti-drug-pencil-slogan-erased	Pencils bearing an anti-drug slogan had to be recalled because sharpening them subverted their message.	Did These Pencils Accidentally Promote Doing Drugs?
vclaim-sno-anti-gay-bakers-lottery-payout	The Christian owners of a bakery in Oregon won the lottery shortly after they were fined $135,000 for declining to make a cake for a same-sex wedding.	Did Oregon’s Anti-Gay Cake Bakers Win the Lottery?
vclaim-sno-anti-lockdown-protest-signs	A photograph shows protest signs carried by demonstrators calling for the loosening of COVID-19 social-distancing restrictions.	Are These Real Signs Carried by COVID-19 Anti-Lockdown Protesters?
vclaim-sno-anti-maim	The Book of Revelation describes the anti-Christ as someone with characteristics matching those of Barack Obama.	Is Barack Obama the Anti-Christ?
vclaim-sno-anti-semitic-lockdown-protest	A photograph shows protesters displaying an anti-Semitic sign during a COVID-19 lockdown protest.	Does This Photo Show an Anti-Semitic Sign at a COVID-19 Lockdown Protest?
vclaim-sno-anti-solar-panels-night-power	A new technology known as “anti-solar panels” could one day produce energy at night from deep space in much the same way that solar panels operate during the day.	Could ‘Anti-Solar Panels’ Use Deep Space to Generate Power at Night?
vclaim-sno-anti-trump-protesters-block-ambulance	The father of a 4-year-old girl died after anti-Trump protesters blocked roads and delayed an ambulance from reaching the hospital.	Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance; Father of 4-Year-Old Girl Dies?
vclaim-sno-anti-trump-protesters-bused-into-austin	A photograph shows a group of buses that were used to ship in paid anti-Trump protesters to Austin, Texas.	Anti-Trump Protesters Bused Into Austin, Chicago
vclaim-sno-anti-trump-protesters-destroy-america	A photograph shows a violent anti-Trump protest in the United States in November 2016.	Anti-Trump Protesters Destroy America
vclaim-sno-anti-trump-protesters-killed-on-freeway	Six anti-Trump protesters were killed by a truck in the course of demonstrating on a freeway.	Were Six Anti-Trump Protesters Killed by a Truck While Blocking a Freeway?
vclaim-sno-antifa-craigslist-nebraska	“Antifa” posted an ad on the Lincoln, Nebraska, Craigslist website offering to pay protesters “to cause as much chaos and destruction as possible.”	Did ‘Antifa’ Recruit Protesters on Craigslist in Nebraska?
vclaim-sno-antifa-credit-card	A photograph shows an Antifa-issued credit card.	Is This an Antifa Credit Card?
vclaim-sno-antifa-dot-com-redirect	The URL antifa.com automatically redirects to the official website for the newly inaugurated U.S President Joe Biden, whitehouse.gov.	Did Antifa.com Redirect to WhiteHouse.gov Official Website?
vclaim-sno-antifa-facial-recognition-capitol	Facial recognition software idenfied two rioters in Washington, D.C., as antifa members.	Were Antifa Members Identified at Capitol Riot with Facial Recognition Software?
vclaim-sno-antifa-flyer-trump-supporters	A flyer created by antifa called on “comrades” to disguise themselves as supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump and riot on Nov. 4, 2020, a day after U.S. elections, so that the media and the police would blame Trump supporters for the violence.	Did an Antifa Flyer Tell ‘Comrades’ To Pose as Trump Supporters and Riot After Election Day?
vclaim-sno-antifa-flyers-call-for-the-murder-of-white-children	The anti-fascist group Antifa created and distributed a flyer calling for the murder of white children.	‘Antifa’ Flyers Call For the Murder of White Children?
vclaim-sno-antifa-hoax-tweet	"A group calling itself ""Antifa America"" threatened to ""take what's ours"" from the suburbs in May 2020 after rioting in the nation's major cities in protest of the death of a black man in police custody."	Did ‘Antifa America’ Threaten to ‘Take What’s Ours’ from the Suburbs?
vclaim-sno-antifa-manual-online	Images show a genuine Antifa manual created and distributed by the anti-fascist group.	Is This ‘Antifa Manual’ Real?
vclaim-sno-antifa-member-photographed-beating-police-officer	A photograph shows an Antifa member hitting a police officer.	Antifa Member Photographed Beating Police Officer?
vclaim-sno-antifa-mugshots-charlottesville	A series of mugshots show all of the Antifa members who were arrested at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Mugshots of Antifa Members Arrested at Charlottesville?
vclaim-sno-antifa-muslim-minneapolis	Antifa and Muslim organizations in summer of 2020 were planning to police the streets of Minneapolis under Muslim rule.	No, Antifa and Muslim Groups Aren’t Policing Minneapolis Under ‘Muslim Rule’
vclaim-sno-antifa-nazi-flags	An image documents the striking similarities between the Antifa flag and a Nazi flag.	Does the Antifa Flag Resemble a Nazi Flag?
vclaim-sno-antifa-patriot-party	"A group of activists against fascism organized as the ""Patriot Party"" decades before Trump supporters adopted the name in early 2021."	Was the ‘Patriot Party’ Name Used Before Trump Supporters Adopted It?
vclaim-sno-antifa-pour-concrete-on-tracks-causing-an-amtrak-train-to-derail	"""Antifa"" admitted to pouring concrete on train tracks causing an Amtrak train to derail."	Did ‘Antifa’ Pour Concrete on Railroad Tracks, Causing an Amtrak Train to Derail?
vclaim-sno-antifa-protest-sturgis-2018	Antifa activists announced in August 2017 that they would protest the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in 2018.	Did Antifa Announce a Plan to Protest the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in 2018?
vclaim-sno-antifa-protestor-punch-m80	Louise Rosealma was photographed holding an explosive device made from a glass bottle before she was punched by Nathan Damigo.	Was a Protester Throwing Explosives Into a Berkeley Crowd Before She Was Punched?
vclaim-sno-antifa-redirect-joe-biden-website	The URL antifa.com automatically redirects to the official campaign website of U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden.	Did Antifa.com Redirect to Biden’s Official Campaign Website?
vclaim-sno-antifa-stab-neo-nazi-haircut	"An ""anti-fascist"" stabbed a man in Colorado after mistaking him for a white supremacist because of his haircut."	Did an ‘Anti-Fascist’ Stab a Man Over a ‘Neo-Nazi’ Haircut?
vclaim-sno-antifa-starting-fires-oregon	"""Antifa"" arsonists have been setting wildfires raging on the West Coast in September 2020."	Is ‘Antifa’ Setting Wildfires in Oregon?
vclaim-sno-antifa-teachers-arrested-portland	A meme correctly identified 13 individuals arrested in Portland, Oregon, as public school teachers and Antifa members.	Did Mugshots Show 13 ‘Antifa Teachers’ Arrested in Portland?
vclaim-sno-ants-termites-standoff	A video shows two lines of ants and termites positioned to defend their respective workers.	Does Video Show Ants in a Standoff with Termites?
vclaim-sno-aoc-911-public-see-photos	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that the public shouldn't see photographs of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the U.S. because they're ""triggering."""	Did AOC Say the Public Shouldn’t See 9/11 Photos Because They’re ‘Triggering’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-accusation-trump-felony	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez committed a felony by making a false accusation against President Trump.	Did AOC Commit a Felony by Making a False Accusation Against Trump?
vclaim-sno-aoc-actress-playing-lawmaker	Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is an actress playing a congresswoman to push the agenda of Justice Democrats.	Is U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez an Actress Playing a Congresswoman?
vclaim-sno-aoc-alexandria-ocasio-cortez-wrong-billionaires	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said the existence of billionaires was wrong.	Did Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Say it Was ‘Wrong’ for Billionaires to Exist?
vclaim-sno-aoc-ban-pledge-allegiance	U.S. Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar are teaming up to ban the Pledge of Allegiance.	No, AOC and Ilhan Omar Aren’t Banning the Pledge of Allegiance
vclaim-sno-aoc-businesses-closed-tweet	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted that businesses should be kept closed until after the 2020 presidential election.	Did AOC Tweet That Businesses Should Be Shut Down Until the Election?
vclaim-sno-aoc-capitol-attack	"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez exaggerated the danger she was in during the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot, in that she ""wasn't even in the Capitol building"" when the rioting occurred."	Did AOC Exaggerate the Danger She Was in During Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-aoc-chain-migration-melania	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez started ""chain migration"" deportation proceedings against First Lady Melania Trump and her parents."	Did AOC Start ‘Chain Migration’ Proceedings Against Melania Trump?
vclaim-sno-aoc-christianity-superstitious	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Christianity should be ignored as ""superstitious nonsense."""	Did AOC Say Christianity Should Be Ignored as ‘Superstitious Nonsense’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-confederate-flag-richmond	Confederate flags appeared at a gun-rights rally in Richmond, Virginia, on Jan. 20, 2020.	Did Confederate Flags Fly at a Gun-Rights Rally in Virginia?
vclaim-sno-aoc-daylight-saving-time	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that she opposed daylight saving time because “the extra hour of sunlight drastically speeds up climate change.”	Does U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Oppose Daylight Saving Time Because It Speeds Up Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-aoc-defeat-war	"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez warned Republicans in 2020, ""You can either accept defeat and have unity with us. Or you can have war."""	Did AOC Warn Republicans ‘You Can Accept Defeat … Or Have War’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-democrats-eliminate-oil-gas	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said ""Democrats will eliminate oil and gas after we take the White House back."""	Did AOC Say Democrats Will ‘Eliminate Oil and Gas After We Take the White House Back’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-dua-lipa-ocasio-cortez	Photographs shared widely on TikTok and Twitter in late 2020 and early 2021 showed U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.	Does a Popular TikTok Video Contain Photos of AOC?
vclaim-sno-aoc-empty-parking-lot	"A ""newly uncovered"" photograph reveals Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was crying over an empty parking lot, not detained migrant children, at a protest in Texas."	Does an Image Show Ocasio-Cortez Fake-Crying at a Migrant Camp?
vclaim-sno-aoc-fdr-amendment	"The U.S. Congress passed the 22nd Amendment in order to ""make sure President Franklin D. Roosevelt did not get re-elected."""	Did Congress Pass the 22nd Amendment in Order to ‘Make Sure FDR Did Not Get Re-Elected’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-fined-sotu	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was fined a year's salary for not attending the Feb. 4, 2020, State of the Union address.	Was AOC Fined a Year’s Salary for Skipping the February 2020 SOTU?
vclaim-sno-aoc-gop-sad-stupid-vanity-fair	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez called Republicans “sad” and “stupid” after conservatives criticized her for wearing expensive outfits costing $14,000 for a December 2020 Vanity Fair story.	Did AOC Call GOP ‘Sad’ and ‘Stupid’ for Criticizing Her Outfits?
vclaim-sno-aoc-legal-voting-age-65	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez proposed a bill that would cap the legal voting age at 65.	Did AOC Propose Capping Legal Voting Age at 65?
vclaim-sno-aoc-motorcycle-ban	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has proposed a ban on motorcycle use in the U.S.	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Propose a Nationwide Motorcycle Ban?
vclaim-sno-aoc-omar-notre-dame-fire	U.S. Congresswomen Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar praised the destruction of Notre Dame cathedral in a fire that broke out in April 2019.	Did U.S. Reps. Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar Praise the Destruction of Notre Dame?
vclaim-sno-aoc-omar-social-security	"U.S. Reps. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar have vowed to end ""senior entitlements"" like Social Security and Medicare."	No, US Reps. Ocasio-Cortez and Omar Didn’t Vow to Axe Social Security and Medicare
vclaim-sno-aoc-open-carry-bill-ban	AOC submitted legislation that bans the open carrying of firearms in the U.S.	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Submit a Bill that Bans Open Carrying of Guns?
vclaim-sno-aoc-pay-soldiers-much	"In July 2019, U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said, ""We pay soldiers way too much."""	Did U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Say ‘We Pay Soldiers Too Much’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-pets	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said it's ""okay to eat pets"" if food runs scarce."	Did AOC Say ‘It’s Okay to Eat Pets’ if Food Runs Scarce?
vclaim-sno-aoc-pickup-truck-owners	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said in a fiery speech that pickup truck owners are a danger to society.	No, AOC Did Not Say ‘Pickup Truck Owners are a Danger to Society’
vclaim-sno-aoc-private-truck-drivers-quote	"U.S. Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that ""private truck drivers are destroying America."""	Did AOC Say ‘Private Truck Drivers Are Destroying America’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-scared-garbage-disposal	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez posted a video of herself being ""scared"" at discovering a garbage disposal in her apartment."	Was U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez ‘Scared’ by Her Garbage Disposal?
vclaim-sno-aoc-social-security-cut	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has proposed a $10.5 billion cut to Social Security.	Did AOC Propose a $10.5B Cut to Social Security?
vclaim-sno-aoc-trump-con-artists	U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez declared that ‘Jesus was a lot like Trump, both con artists.'	Did Ocasio-Cortez Say ‘Jesus Was a Lot Like Trump, Both Con Artists’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-us-people-garbage-quote	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez called the U.S. and its people ""garbage."""	Did AOC Refer to the U.S. and Its People as ‘Garbage’?
vclaim-sno-aoc-wall-mountains	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez once said, ""All the technology in the world won't let us build a wall in mountains."""	Did Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Claim Walls Could Not Be Built in Mountains?
vclaim-sno-apartment-radiator-pandemic-spread	Some steam radiators built in older apartment buildings in cities like New York were designed to keep dwellings warm with windows open due to the 1918 pandemic.	Were Old Apartment Radiators Designed To Prevent Spread of the 1918 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-apd-medic-tent	Asheville police officers destroyed a medic tent and its supplies while enforcing a curfew during a protest against police brutality.	Did Asheville Police Destroy a Medic Tent Made for Protesters?
vclaim-sno-appeal-from-the-heart	Facebook is donating $1 per share to a medical fund for a baby born with his heart outside his body.	Facebook Appeal for Baby Born with Heart Outside Body
vclaim-sno-apple-blocked-directions-capitol	Apple disabled directions to Washington, D.C., in preparation for Jan. 6 protests against the certification of the 2020 presidential election.	Did Apple Block Directions to US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-apple-cider-vinegar-diet	"CNN aired a story about a university student who discovered a ""diet hack"" involving apple cider vinegar."	Did a Cornell Student Cut 37 Pounds Using Apple Cider Vinegar and Supplements?
vclaim-sno-apple-crumble	In memory of Steve Jobs: free iPads, iPhones or MacBooks.	Free iPads, iPods, MacBooks Scam
vclaim-sno-apple-easter-calendar-iphone	An iPhone operating system upgrade in 2018 removed Easter holidays from the iOS calendar application.	Did Apple Remove Easter from iOS Calendars?
vclaim-sno-apple-emergency-broadcast-system	Apple's software update shut off the emergency alert system on iPhones so U.S. President Donald Trump can't text his supporters.	No, Apple Isn’t Shutting Off the Emergency Broadcast System
vclaim-sno-apple-jacked	Apple is selling brand new iPhone 6S units for $1 each.	FALSE: Brand New iPhone 6 for $1
vclaim-sno-apple-juice-penis-size	Drinking apple juice can increase penis size.	Does Drinking Apple Juice ‘Make Your PP Bigger’?
vclaim-sno-apple-letter-san-bernardino	Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an open letter to customers explaining why the company was fighting a court order to unlock an iPhone tied to the San Bernardino attack.	Apple CEO Tim Cook Writes Open Letter to Customers About Court Order
vclaim-sno-apple-music-deleting-files	Apple Music is purporsefully deleting files from personal computers.	Apple Music is Deleting Files from Personal Computers
vclaim-sno-apple-seeds-harmful	Apple seeds contain a harmful cyanide compound.	Are Apple Seeds Poisonous?
vclaim-sno-apple-support-call-on-suspicions	Apple Support would proactively call you to tell you about a suspicious activity associated with your iCloud account or a compromise of Apple ID information.	Would Apple Inc. Call Customers to Alert Them to Suspicious Activity?
vclaim-sno-applebees-gift-certificates	Applebee’s restaurants are giving away $50 gift certificates to customers who forward an	Applebee’s Gift Certificates
vclaim-sno-apples-blast-from-the-past	Setting your Apple device's date to 1 January 1970 will reveal a retro-themed Easter egg.	Apple’s Blast from the Past?
vclaim-sno-april-fools39-day-origins	"April Fools' Day began in the 1500s when the Gregorian calendar took over from the Julian. Those who forgot the change and attempted to celebrate New Year's (previously celebrated on the 1st of April) on the wrong date were teased as ""April fools."""	April Fools’ Day Origins
vclaim-sno-aquafina-bottled-water-not-freeze	Aquafina bottled water doesn’t freeze.	Aquafina Bottled Water Does Not Freeze?
vclaim-sno-aquaman-crystal	Scientists have created an “Aquaman Crystal” which will allow anyone to breathe underwater.	Aquaman Crystal Makes It Possible to Breathe Underwater?
vclaim-sno-ar-15-bullet-hole-size-wound	A large circle marked on a protester's poster is an accurate reflection of the size of the hole created by an AR-15 round.	What Does the Effect of a Bullet Fired From an AR-15 Look Like?
vclaim-sno-arab-guy-renouncing-faith-television	A video shows a man angrily renouncing his faith on Egyptian national television.	‘Arab Guy’ Renounces Faith on Egyptian Television?
vclaim-sno-arabic-on-canadian-police-cars	In 2016, police in Canada began adding Arabic writing to the outside of police cruisers.	Arabic on Canadian Police Cars
vclaim-sno-arabic-tote-bag	A tote bag bears a slogan poking fun at people who fear Arabic writing.	Fear the Grim Arabic Tote Bag
vclaim-sno-arachnofauxbia	Photograph shows a furry albino tarantula.	Furry Albino Tarantula
vclaim-sno-arapahoe-school-shooting-stopped-armed-sro	A December 2015 school shooting in Arapahoe County, Colorado, was circumvented by an armed school resource officer.	Was the Arapahoe School Shooting Stopped by an Armed School Official?
vclaim-sno-arbys-liquid-meat	Arby's roast beef is made from a paste, gel, powder, or liquid.	Is Arby’s Roast Beef ‘Liquid Meat’?
vclaim-sno-arch-of-baal-judiciary	A photograph shows the Arch of Baal erected on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.	Was the Arch of Baal Erected in Washington Before Christine Blasey Ford’s Testimony?
vclaim-sno-archbishop-pedophilia-spiritual-encounter	"The Archbishop of Melbourne, Australia, called child sexual abuse a ""spiritual encounter with God, through the priest."""	Did an Australian Archbishop Call Pedophilia a ‘Spiritual Encounter With God’?
vclaim-sno-arcot-ramathorn-restriction	Decorated Vermont state trooper Arcot Ramathorn, an Iraqi Muslim, would be denied entry under proposed U.S. travel restrictions.	Would Decorated Vermont State Trooper Arcot Ramathorn Be Affected by U.S. Entry Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-arctic-century-photos	An image comparison shows the same spot in the Arctic in photographs taken over a century apart.	Do These Photographs Show the Same Spot in the Arctic 100 Years Apart?
vclaim-sno-arctic-fox-iceberg	"A viral story accurately reported that a Canadian fishing boat crew ""noticed something unbelievable atop an iceberg"" in 2018 and it turned out to be an Arctic fox."	Was an Arctic Fox Rescued From an Iceberg Miles Offshore?
vclaim-sno-arden-weenus-meat-softener	A vintage ad shows a product for Arden Weenus' Cadmium-Enriched Meat Softener.	Is This a Real Vintage Ad for ‘Arden Weenus Meat Softener’?
vclaim-sno-are-10000-children-in-u-s-detention-centers	As of May 2018, there were more than 10,000 unaccompanied children in United States government immigration detention centers.	Are More Than 10,000 Children in U.S. Detention Centers?
vclaim-sno-are-bang-energy-drinks-flammable	A video shows the liquid from a can of BANG Energy bursting into flames.	Are BANG Energy Drinks Flammable?
vclaim-sno-are-bees-born-fully-grown	Bees are born fully grown.	Are Bees Born Fully Grown?
vclaim-sno-are-blue-balls-a-real-thing	"Prolonged sexual arousal in men without an ejaculation can cause pain, a condition colloquially referred to as ""blue balls""."	Are ‘Blue Balls’ a Real Thing?
vclaim-sno-are-cavities-contagious	Cavities are contagious, primarily between intimate partners or children and caregivers.	Are Cavities Contagious?
vclaim-sno-are-charitable-ngos-trafficking-people-across-the-mediterranean	NGOs like Doctors Without Borders are profiting from human smuggling in the Mediterranean Sea.	Are Charitable NGOs Trafficking People Across the Mediterranean to Europe?
vclaim-sno-are-children-being-assigned-numbers	An image shows numbers on shirts worn by children taken into custody on the U.S.-Mexico border, a practice reminiscent of numbers tattooed on Holocaust victims.	Are Children Being Assigned Numbers in Detention Centers?
vclaim-sno-are-children-orange-jumpsuits	A photograph of children in orange jumpsuits depicts detained immigrant children.	Are These Immigrant Children in Orange Jumpsuits?
vclaim-sno-are-diners-obligated-to-pay-mandatory-gratuity-or-tip-charges	Diners are legally obligated to pay mandatory service charges or tips which appear on their checks.	Are Diners Obligated to Pay Mandatory Gratuity or Tip Charges?
vclaim-sno-are-essential-oils-poisonous-to-cats	Essential oils can be poisonous to pets.	Are Essential Oils Poisonous to Pets?
vclaim-sno-are-feminists-complaining-telepathic-rape	"A feminist wrote in an op-ed that men commit ""telepathic rape"" by masturbating to women they don't know."	Are Feminists Complaining About ‘Telepathic Rape’?
vclaim-sno-are-former-presidents-snubbing-trumps-inauguration	All living former presidents have refused to attend Donald Trump's inauguration.	Are Former Presidents Snubbing Donald Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-are-instant-pots-melting	Some Instant Pot cookers are overheating and having meltdowns.	Are Some Instant Pot Cookers Having Meltdowns?
vclaim-sno-are-jellyfish-and-lobsters-biologically-immortal	Jellyfish and lobsters are considered biologically immortal, meaning they don’t age and will never die unless they are killed.	Are Jellyfish and Lobsters Biologically Immortal?
vclaim-sno-are-marshalls-and-tj-maxx-still-paying-employees-in-puerto-rico	Marshalls employees in Puerto Rico are still being paid despite the damage to stores there caused by Hurricane Maria.	Is Clothing Retailer Marshalls Still Paying Employees in Puerto Rico?
vclaim-sno-are-nfl-players-police-brutality-absentee-parents	NFL players protesting police brutality are doing so because they have many children with different women, leading their families into lives of crime.	Are NFL Players Protesting Against Police Brutality Absentee Parents Putting Their Children at Risk?
vclaim-sno-are-parents-choice-diapers-chemical-burns	Parent's Choice diapers are causing small children to suffer chemical burns.	Are Parent’s Choice Diapers Giving Babies Chemical Burns?
vclaim-sno-are-penguins-living-island-plastic	A video shows a group of penguins living on an island of plastic.	Are These Penguins Living on an Island of Plastic?
vclaim-sno-are-people-adopting-pit-bulls-euthanizing	People are adopting pit bulls with the express goal of euthanizing them, and then bragging about it on the Internet with the hashtag #PitbullDropOff.	Are People Adopting Pit Bull Terriers for the Sole Purpose of Euthanizing Them?
vclaim-sno-are-people-dying-exposure-perfume	"People who smell the perfume ""Lovely"" are killed either instantly or within three days."	Are People Dying From Exposure to Sarah Jessica Parker’s Perfume?
vclaim-sno-are-politicians-actual-psychopaths	"A May 2018 study found that 99.9 percent of politicians throughout the United States are ""actual psychopaths."""	Did a Study Find That Almost All Politicians Are ‘Actual Psychopaths’?
vclaim-sno-are-rosaries-taken-immigrants-border	Immigration authorities are taking rosaries away from immigrants at the border.	Are Rosaries Being Taken from Immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico Border?
vclaim-sno-are-standing-rock-protesters-being-sprayed-with-chemicals-from-crop-duster-planes	Dakota Access pipeline protesters at Standing Rock have been sprayed with chemicals by crop duster planes.	Have Standing Rock Protesters Been Sprayed with Chemicals From Crop Duster Planes?
vclaim-sno-are-there-871-convicted-felons-currently-playing-for-the-nfl	There are currently 871 convicted felons playing for the NFL.	Are 871 Convicted Felons Currently Playing for the NFL?
vclaim-sno-are-there-worms-in-lipton-tea-bags	There are small worms in bags of Lipton tea.	Are There Worms in Lipton Tea Bags?
vclaim-sno-are-these-children-separated-by-obama	An image from 2014 shows undocumented children separated from their parents by the Obama administration.	Were These Children Separated From Their Parents Under Obama?
vclaim-sno-are-these-women-protesting-trump	"A photograph shows a group of ""Democrat party supporters"" protesting in the United States."	Are These Women ‘Democrat Party Supporters’ Protesting Trump?
vclaim-sno-are-thieves-stealing-license-plates-in-a-carjacking-scheme	"A new trend in carjacking involves the theft of your license plates by robbers who later lure you into a carjacking by pretending they ""found"" your tags."	Are Thieves Stealing License Plates in a Carjacking Scheme?
vclaim-sno-are-third-graders-raffling-off-an-ar-15-after-the-parkland-shooting	A baseball team for third-graders in Neosho, Missouri is raffling off an AR-15 rifle even after it was used to commit the mass shooting in Parkland, Florida.	Are Third-Graders Raffling Off an AR-15 After the Parkland Shooting?
vclaim-sno-are-vigilante-protesters-digging-up-confederate-graves	Vigilante Protesters Digging Up Confederate Graves after Charlottesville Clashes?	Are Vigilante Protesters Digging Up Confederate Graves After Charlottesville Clashes?
vclaim-sno-are-walmart-holiday-rawhide-bones-toxic-to-dogs	Walmart has recalled holiday rawhide bones for dogs because they are laced with formaldehyde and have already killed at least one dog.	Are Walmart Holiday Rawhide Bones Toxic to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-are-white-people-being-assaulted-at-showing-of-black-panther	"White people have been attacked by black filmgoers at showings of ""Black Panther."""	Are White People Being Assaulted at Showings of ‘Black Panther’?
vclaim-sno-are-you-a-cop	"Prostitutes can safely challenge johns with the question ""Are you a cop?"" because law enforcement officers must answer truthfully."	Are You a Cop?
vclaim-sno-area-51-raid-images	"Photographs show a large crowd of people at the ""Area 51 Raid."""	Are Photos of the ‘Area 51 Raid’ Real?
vclaim-sno-arent-you-glad-you-didnt-turn-on-the-light	A female college student returns to her dorm room late one evening and discovers her roommate has been murdered.	Aren’t You Glad You Didn’t Turn on the Light?
vclaim-sno-aretha-franklin-donald-trump	The late songstress Aretha Franklin worked for Donald Trump on numerous occasions.	Did Aretha Franklin ‘Work for’ Donald Trump on Numerous Occasions?
vclaim-sno-argos-free-tv	Argos UK is giving away free stuff on its Facebook page.	Is Argos UK Giving Away Free Stuff On Its Facebook Page?
vclaim-sno-ari-fleischer-covid	"Former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer said showing identification when getting a COVID-19 vaccine in New York was just as ""sensible"" as voter ID laws being pushed by Republican legislators."	Did Ari Fleischer Compare Showing ID to Get Vaccinated to Voter ID Laws?
vclaim-sno-ariana-grande-american-flag-photograph	An image depicts Ariana Grande defiling the American flag.	Did Ariana Grande Defile the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-ariana-grande-pay-manchester-bombing-funerals	Ariana Grande contacted the families of those who died in the Manchester Arena attack, and will pay for their funerals.	Did Ariana Grande Offer to Pay for the Funerals of the Manchester Bombing Victims?
vclaim-sno-arizona-billboard	Photograph shows Arizona billboard poking fun at Los Angeles’ decision to boycott that state over illegal immigrant legislation.	Arizona Billboard
vclaim-sno-arizona-border-arsenal	Photographs show a cache of weapons confiscated from a site on the Arizona border.	Look What Arizona Found!
vclaim-sno-arizona-camel-hunting-law	Camel-hunting is specifically prohibited by law in Arizona.	Is Camel-Hunting Illegal in Arizona?
vclaim-sno-arizona-chaplik-masks-hiv-aids	Arizona State Rep. Joseph Chaplik argued against the effectiveness and necessity of face masks by pointing out that mask mandates have not been widely used to combat the spread of HIV.	Did Arizona GOP Rep. Ask ‘If Masks Work, Why Weren’t They Needed in AIDS Crisis?’
vclaim-sno-arizona-covid-per-capita	Data compiled by leading health statisticians suggested that Arizona led the world in the highest number of COVID-19 cases reported every day per capita in early January 2021.	Did Arizona Report Worldwide Highest COVID Cases Per Day in January 2021?
vclaim-sno-arizona-dildo-law	It is illegal to have more than two dildos in a home in Arizona.	Is It Illegal to Have More Than Two Dildos in a Home in Arizona?
vclaim-sno-arizona-drug-welfare-recipients	Only one person out of 87,000 tested positive for drugs under Arizona's $3.6 million drug-testing program for welfare recipients.	Did Arizona’s Drug Testing Program for Welfare Recipients Catch Just One Person?
vclaim-sno-arizona-protest	"Photograph shows a demonstrator at an immigration protest threatening to ""shoot more Arizona police."""	Did an Arizona Protester Threaten to Shoot Police?
vclaim-sno-arizona-rest-area	Photographs show backpacks and clothing discarded at an Arizona rest area used by illegal immigrants.	Arizona Rest Area
vclaim-sno-arizona-tea-exposed-fda-using-human-urine-products	The FDA recently discovered that the Arizona Beverage Company uses human urine in many of their products.	Was AriZona Tea Exposed by the FDA for Using Human Urine in Products?
vclaim-sno-arlington-car-robbery	Criminal gangs in Arlington are staging medical emergencies to lure drivers out of their cars and rob them.	Arlington Car Robbery
vclaim-sno-arm-stammer	A girl goes insane after a medical student slips a cadaver’s arm into her bed as a practical joke.	Woman Goes Insane After Finding Body Part in Bed
vclaim-sno-armed-black-militia-georgia-park	On July 4, 2020, around 1,000 heavily armed members of a Black militia marched through Georgia’s Stone Mountain Park and demonstrated at the site of a monument depicting Confederate leaders.	Did an Armed Black Militia March Through a Georgia State Park?
vclaim-sno-armed-robber-shot-customers	A video shows a group of customers shooting an armed robber in a store.	Does This Video Show an Armed Robber Shot by Every Customer in a Store?
vclaim-sno-armed-robot-video	A video shows an armed robot turning on humans.	Does a Video Show an Armed Robot Turning on Humans?
vclaim-sno-armed-students-delaware-high-school-1973	A viral photograph shows an armed student and teacher scaring off a would-be mass shooter at a Delaware high school in 1973.	Did Armed Delaware Students Scare Off a School Shooter in 1973?
vclaim-sno-armed-trump-fans-biden-bus	Armed supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump harassed a Biden-Harris campaign bus in Texas, leading to the cancellation of three campaign events and a news conference.	Did Armed Trump Supporters Harass a Biden Bus in Texas?
vclaim-sno-armie-hammer-cannibal-lifestyle	Screenshots of DMs and texts alleged to be from actor Armie Hammer suggesting he is into cannibalism and kinky sex are real and authentic.	Are These Screenshots About Armie Hammer’s ‘Cannibal’ Lifestyle Real?
vclaim-sno-arminas-pileckas-murder	Arminas Pileckas was murdered because he was trying to protect a Swedish girl from sexual harassment by a Syrian refugee.	Was Arminas Pileckas Murdered for Protecting a Swedish Girl from Harassment by an Immigrant?
vclaim-sno-armour-garments-flammable	Under Armour garments are more flammable than other garments of their type.	Are Under Armour Garments Flammable?
vclaim-sno-arms-and-the-man	A badly injured soldier tells his parents about his lifestyle-altering injuries under the guise of presenting them as a tragedy that befell a friend.	Amputee Legend
vclaim-sno-army-football-team-kneel-protest-national-anthem	A photograph shows the Army football team kneeling in protest during the national anthem.	Did the Army Football Team Kneel in Protest During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-army-green-card-enlistment	"The United States Army will no longer accept lawful permanent residents, also called ""green card"" holders, as recruits."	Did the United States Military Ban Green Card Holders From Enlisting?
vclaim-sno-army-memo-announces-martial-law	An Army memorandum announces martial law training and preparation to begin at Fort Carson, Colorado, in September 2016.	U.S. Army Memo Announces Preparations for Martial Law
vclaim-sno-army-sniper-shoot-intruders	A former Army sniper shot three violent home intruders in the course of their victimizing a neighbor's household.	Did a Former Army Sniper Shoot Three Intruders in an Adjacent Home?
vclaim-sno-army-style-muslim-migrants-marching-to-fight-in-germany	"A video shows an ""army-style Muslim migrants"" marching in Germany to show their ""willingness to fight."""	‘Army-Style Muslim Migrants’ Marching to Fight in Germany?
vclaim-sno-army-working-dogs-satire	The U.S. Army welcomed its first openly transgender working dogs.	Did the U.S. Army Welcome Its First Openly Transgender Working Dogs?
vclaim-sno-arnim-zola-congress-trump	In June 2018, a New Hampshire Congressman named Arnim Zola was arrested for defacing President Donald Trump's limousine.	Did a New Hampshire Congressman Deface Donald Trump’s Limousine?
vclaim-sno-arnold-schwarzenegger-dead	Actor (and former California governor) Arnold Schwarzenegger has passed away of a heart attack.	Was Arnold Schwarzenegger Found Dead of an Apparent Heart Attack?
vclaim-sno-arnold-schwarzeneggers-nyc-photo	A photograph shows Arnold Schwarzenegger's first day in New York.	MISCAPTIONED: Arnold Schwarzenegger’s First Day in NYC
vclaim-sno-arrest-barbecuing-pedophiles	A Florida man was arrested after rounding up pedophiles and burning them alive on a barbecue.	Was a Man Arrested for ‘Barbecuing’ Pedophiles to Death?
vclaim-sno-arrested-development	Quick-thinking cop has a bit of fun with a drunk stuck in the snow by pretending to run alongside his car.	Policeman Outruns Car
vclaim-sno-arresting-developments	President Obama has threatened 14 state governors with arrest for forming State Defense Forces.	Obama Serves 14 State Governors with Warnings of Arrest
vclaim-sno-arthur-hickenlooper-81-american-ninjaj-warrior	"An 81-year-old man named Arthur Hickenlooper competed on the show ""American Ninja Warrior."""	Did 81-Year-Old Arthur Hickenlooper Compete on ‘American Ninja Warrior?’
vclaim-sno-article-1-section-8-clause-17	"Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution holds that ""the Federal Government shall never own title to any real property which is not specifically authorized by this Constitution such as parks, forests, dams, waterways, and grazing areas without the consent of the State where same is located."""	U.S. Constitution: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17
vclaim-sno-article-54-of-obamacare	"Article 54 of Obamacare stipulates 30 percent of seniors' social security payments will be ""diverted"" to pay for insurance for undocumented immigrants as of 1 May 2018."	Is Article 54 of Obamacare Taking Effect in May 2018?
vclaim-sno-article-iii-section-iv	"Article III, Section 4 of the Constitution holds a ""lame duck ... candidate"" cannot seek to fill a Supreme Court vacancy."	‘Lame Duck’ Supreme Court Clause
vclaim-sno-artificial-sweeteners-in-milk	Dairy groups are petitioning the FDA to allow the use of artificial sweeteners in milk without labeling requirements.	Aspartame in Milk
vclaim-sno-as-the-world-berned-picture	Photograph depicts massive rally for Bernie Sanders in Washington Square Park in April 2016.	‘As the World Berned’
vclaim-sno-as-the-worm-squirms	Women used to maintain slender figures by ingesting diet pills made from tapeworms.	Tapeworm Diet Pills
vclaim-sno-ash-fault-and-battery	Improperly stored or discarded 9-volt batteries can touch off house fires.	9-Volt Batteries Can Cause House Fires?
vclaim-sno-asha-degree	A girl named Asha Degree disappeared from her North Carolina home on 14 February 2000.	Asha Degree
vclaim-sno-ashes-mailed-to-congress	If you die, you can send your ashes to legislators as one final act of protest.	Can You Have Your Ashes Mailed to Congress?
vclaim-sno-ashley-flores	A 13-year-old Philadelphia girl named Ashley Flores is missing.	Ashley Flores
vclaim-sno-ashley-hamilton-beating	Jesse Shedd is wanted by the police for beating an autistic woman named Ashley Hamilton.	Tabitha Adkins and Jesse Shedd
vclaim-sno-ashley-judd-middle-east-women-rights	"Ashley Judd announced that she was moving to the Middle East, ""where women have more rights""."	Did Ashley Judd Say She Wanted to Live in the Middle East ‘Where Women Have More Rights’?
vclaim-sno-ashley-lewis	A 14-year-old girl named Ashley Lewis is missing from Kannapolis, NC.	Missing Girl: Ashley Lewis
vclaim-sno-ashley-olsen-not-dead	"Former ""Full House"" star Ashley Olsen was murdered."	Former ‘Full House’ Star Ashley Olsen Is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-asking-for-provisional-ballots	If voters are turned away from polls on election day, they can ask for a provisional ballot.	Can Voters Ask for Provisional Ballots If They Are Turned Away at Polls?
vclaim-sno-aspartame-sweet-poison	The artificial sweetener aspartame is responsible for an epidemic of cancer, brain tumors, and multiple sclerosis.	Is Aspartame Responsible for ‘An Epidemic of Multiple Sclerosis and Lupus’?
vclaim-sno-aspirin	The brand name ‘Aspirin’ was taken from the terms ‘acetylsalicylic acid’ and ‘spiraea ulmaria.’	Aspirin
vclaim-sno-assange-asks-for-pardon	Julian Assange asked President-Elect Donald Trump for a pardon in exchange for his help in defeating Hillary Clinton.	WikiLeaks Asks President-Elect Trump to Pardon Julian Assange as Compensation?
vclaim-sno-assange-dead-london-alley	Julian Assange was kidnapped from the Ecuadorean embassy in London and murdered in April 2017.	Was Julian Assange Found Dead in a London Alley?
vclaim-sno-assaulted-tale-aka-this-bird-wont-fly	Heeding the advice given in a popular e-mail missive will keep you from becoming a rape victim.	Rape Prevention Advice
vclaim-sno-asteroid-2018-vp1-election	An asteroid is expected to hit Earth on Nov. 2, 2020, right before Election Day in the U.S.	Will an Asteroid Hit Earth Right Before Election Day?
vclaim-sno-asteroid-christmas-eve	An asteroid will hit earth on Christmas Eve.	An Asteroid Will Not “Cause Disaster” on Christmas Eve
vclaim-sno-asteroid-earth-clickbait-study	A giant asteroid is expected to hit the earth in July 2016.	Scientists Say Giant Asteroid Could Hit Earth Next Week, Causing Mass Devastation
vclaim-sno-asteroid-golden-gate-bridge	An asteroid the “size of the Golden Gate Bridge” will pass by Earth on March 21, 2021 — the first full day of Spring.	Will an Asteroid the Size of the Golden Gate Bridge Pass Near Earth?
vclaim-sno-asteroid-hit-after-valentines-day	An asteroid is expected to hit earth in mid-February 2020.	Is an Asteroid Expected to Hit the Day After Valentine’s Day 2020?
vclaim-sno-asteroid-hit-earth-on-christmas	NASA issued a warning that Earth could be hit by an asteroid around Christmas 2019.	Is an Asteroid Expected to Hit Earth Around Christmas?
vclaim-sno-asteroid-warning-april-2020	NASA warned that Asteroid 52768 (1998 OR2) could hit Earth in April 2020 and cause catastrophic danger.	Will an Asteroid Hit Earth in April 2020?
vclaim-sno-astrazeneca-covid-vaccine-fetal	AstraZeneca's COVID-19 vaccine contains aborted fetal cells.	Does AstraZeneca’s COVID-19 Vaccine Contain Aborted Fetal Cells?
vclaim-sno-astronauts-helmets-moon	A photograph showing a group of astronauts without their helmets on indicates that the moon landing was staged.	Did Astronauts Remove Their Helmets on the ‘Moon’?
vclaim-sno-asylum-at-embassy	Non-U.S. citizens can apply for asylum from abroad at a U.S. embassy or consulate office.	Can Asylum-Seekers Apply at U.S. Embassies Abroad?
vclaim-sno-asymptomatic-covid-patients	In late 2020, scientists published studies that proved presymptomatic or asymptomatic COVID-19 patients do not spread the virus in any setting.	Did Scientists Conclude Asymptomatic COVID Patients Can’t Spread Virus?
vclaim-sno-at-rest-in-a-pucci-dress	A photograph captures a deceased Marilyn Monroe at rest in her funeral casket.	Marilyn Monroe Funeral Photograph
vclaim-sno-at-your-beckham-call	David and Victoria Beckham paid off another couple’s mortgage to get them to give up their claim to a reception hall or hotel suite the famous couple coveted for their own wedding.	Beckham Wedding Plans
vclaim-sno-ata-skeleton	A strange skeleton found in the Atacama desert has baffled scientists and is an a human-alien hybrid.	Is the Atacama Skeleton a Human-Alien Hybrid?
vclaim-sno-atf-reclassifies-wetted-nitrocellulose	The Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco (ATF) has reclassified wet nitrocellulose as a high explosive.	ATF Reclassifies Wetted Nitrocellulose as High Explosive
vclaim-sno-atheist-holiday	A judge told an atheist plaintiff who challenged religious holidays that atheists already have their own holiday: April 1.	Holiday for Atheists
vclaim-sno-atheist-iceland-issues-travel-ban-white-southern-baptists	Iceland issued a travel ban against white Southern Baptists.	Atheist Iceland Issues a Travel Ban Against White Southern Baptists?
vclaim-sno-atheists-carrie-ing-on	Atheists are trying to ban the Carrie Underwood song “Something in the Water.”	Atheist Anger Over New Carrie Underwood Song
vclaim-sno-atlanta-child-militia	A video shows 'child militia' members deployed during protests in Atlanta.	Does This Video Show ‘Child Militia’ Deployed in Atlanta?
vclaim-sno-atlanta-dumping-supremacists	"A poster asking residents to ""not dump trash on white supremacists' properties"" was produced and distributed by city officials in Atlanta, Ga."	Did the City of Atlanta Ask Residents Not to ‘Dump Trash on White Supremacist Leaders’ Properties’?
vclaim-sno-atlanta-gay-gang-sweet-bloods	"A man was attacked and raped in Atlanta by a gay gang known as the ""Sweet Bloods."""	Was an Atlanta Man Assaulted and Raped by Gay Gang the ‘Sweet Bloods’?
vclaim-sno-atlanta-georgia-voter-fraud-video	A widely shared video of a vote-count worker in Atlanta, Georgia, is definitive proof of electoral fraud in the aftermath of the 2020 U.S. presidential election.	Does Viral Video Show Voter Fraud in Atlanta, Georgia?
vclaim-sno-atlantic-city-trump-casino-implode	An auction in December 2020 opened to allow Bidders the chance to press the button to virtually implode Trump Plaza in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	Can Bidders Win a Chance to Virtually Implode Trump’s Atlantic City Casino?
vclaim-sno-atm-press-cancel-pin	Pressing the 'CANCEL' button twice at an ATM will prevent thieves from stealing your PIN.	Will Pressing ‘Cancel’ Twice on an ATM Prevent Your PIN from Being Stolen?
vclaim-sno-att-nashville-dominion-audit	AT&T had a contract to conduct a forensic audit of Dominion Voting Systems in Nashville just prior to a December 2020 explosion in that city.	Did AT&T Have a Contract to Audit Dominion Voting Systems?
vclaim-sno-attack-squirrels-arrest	A woman was arrested for training squirrels to attack her ex-boyfriend.	Woman Arrested for Training Squirrels to Attack Her Ex-Boyfriend?
vclaim-sno-attacking-the-rich	Actress Jodie Foster said that attacking the rich is not envy, it's self-defense.	Did Jodie Foster Say ‘Attacking the Rich Is Self-Defense’?
vclaim-sno-attempted-robbery-target-field	A video shows an attack during a Black Lives Matter protest in June 2020.	Does This Video Show a Man Being Assaulted by BLM Protesters?
vclaim-sno-attention-shoppers	Macy’s offers a “foreigner’s discount” every day but a military discount only “a couple of days a year.”	Macy’s Foreigners Discount
vclaim-sno-attorney-general-of-alabama-told-the-klan	"The former Alabama state Attorney general, Bill Baxley, once told a Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon ""kiss my ass"" in response to threats."	Did the Attorney General of Alabama Once Tell the Ku Klux Klan to ‘Kiss My Ass’?
vclaim-sno-audi-truck-concept-photo	A photograph shows a futuristic new Audi truck.	Futuristic Audi Truck
vclaim-sno-audio-detained-children-crying-parents	An audio clip captured distressed immigrant children crying for their parents in a detention facility.	Is This Audio of Detained Children Crying for Their Parents?
vclaim-sno-audio-jake-tapper-racist-rant	An audio recording features CNN anchor Jake Tapper using racial slurs.	Did Jake Tapper Go on a Racist Tirade?
vclaim-sno-audit-the-vote	"The Department of Justice (DOJ)'s switchboard is tallying ""Audit the Vote"" calls and if enough people call, 2016 election results can be overturned."	Audit the Vote
vclaim-sno-audri-king-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Audri King, a 2-year-old Oklahoma girl battling cancer.	Audri Kate King Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-august-surprise	President Obama has proclaimed August 2014 to be ‘International Muslim Awareness Month.’	Obama Proclaims August International Muslim Awareness Month
vclaim-sno-auld-lang-syne-off	"January is the primary ""break-up"" month for couples."	Is January the Break-up Month?
vclaim-sno-aunt-jemima-chained-to-table	A photograph shows Aunt Jemima chained to a table.	Does Photo Show Aunt Jemima Chained to a Table?
vclaim-sno-aunt-jemima-millionaire	Nancy Green died a millionaire from the money she earned portraying the fictional Aunt Jemima in promotional settings.	Did the Woman Behind Aunt Jemima Die a Millionaire?
vclaim-sno-aunt-jemima-pancakes-recall	"In May 2017, Pinnacle Foods announced the ""largest recall in recent times"" of several Aunt Jemima products due to possible Listeria contamination."	Did Aunt Jemima Recall Frozen Pancake Products Over Listeria Concerns?
vclaim-sno-austin-285m-contracts	Under the leadership of U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin in 2021, the department approved military contracts for a company Austin contemporaneously owned stocks in.	Did Lloyd Austin’s DOD Approve Contracts for a Company He Owns Stocks in?
vclaim-sno-austin-school-district-sex-ed	"Austin public schools will force parents to allow the district to teach children ""how to have anal sex."""	Did a Texas School District ‘Mandate Teaching Kids How to Have Anal Sex’?
vclaim-sno-australia-animal-brothel	Australian authorities saved 20 koalas from what is believed to be one of several underground animal brothels in the area.	Were 20 Koalas Rescued from an Animal Brothel in Australia?
vclaim-sno-australia-arrested-bushfires	"""Nearly 200"" Australians were arrested in late 2019 and early 2020 for deliberately setting bushfires."	Were ‘Nearly 200’ People Arrested for Deliberately Starting Australia Bushfires?
vclaim-sno-australia-becomes-first-country-to-begin-microchipping	Australia is the first country to begin microchipping its citizens.	Australia Becomes First Country to Begin Microchipping Its Public?
vclaim-sno-australia-cats	The Australian government's Threatened Species Strategy has as one of its aims the culling of 2 million feral cats by 2020, largely using a sausage bait carrying a lethal toxin.	Did Australia Plan to Kill Millions of Feral Cats Using Poisoned Sausages?
vclaim-sno-australia-fires-iss-image	A photograph taken by the International Space Station shows bushfires raging across Australia.	Is This a Photo of Australian Fires Taken from the Space Station?
vclaim-sno-australia-genders-passports	Australia is going to introduce 33 different genders on birth certificates and passports.	Is Australia Going to Introduce 33 Different Genders on Passports?
vclaim-sno-australia-government-shutdown	A government shutdown in Australia in 1975 ended with the dismissal of the prime minister and all members of Parliament.	Did a Government Shutdown in Australia Result in All Members of Parliament Getting Fired?
vclaim-sno-australia-teen-sea-lice-fleas	An Australian teen was taken to hospital with blood pouring from his feet after ‘sea lice’ attacked him after he soaked his feet in the water at a Melbourne beach.	Did an Australian Teen Get Attacked by Flesh-Eating Sea Bugs?
vclaim-sno-australian-guns	Statistics demonstrate that crime rates in Australia have increased substantially since the government there instituted a gun buy-back program in 1997.	Australian Gun Stats
vclaim-sno-australian-military-veteran-beat-up-eight-muslims-for-attacking-his-wife	An Australian military veteran single-handedly beat up eight Muslim men who attacked his wife.	Did an Australian Military Veteran Beat Up Eight Muslims for Attacking His Wife?
vclaim-sno-australian-police-targeting-pokemon-go-players	A photograph shows a sign in Australia indicating that Pokemon Go players are being targeted by police.	Australian Police Targeting Pokemon Go Players
vclaim-sno-authorities-authorize-public-to-shoot-and-kill-clowns	"Congress passed a law authorizing citizens to shoot and kill ""suspicious clowns."""	Authorities Authorize the Public to Legally Shoot and Kill Suspicious Clowns
vclaim-sno-autism-is-now-disclosed-as-dtap-side-effect	Autism has now been included among the known side effects of the  DTaP (Diphtheria, Tetanus, and acellular Pertussis) vaccine.	Is Autism Now Disclosed as a DTaP Vaccine Side Effect?
vclaim-sno-auto-no-plate	A man whose car bore personalized license plates reading 'NO PLATE' received notices for thousands of unpaid parking tickets.	What Happens When Your License Plate Says ‘NO PLATE’?
vclaim-sno-automaker-911-contributions	Article examines various automobile manufacturers' contributions to September 11-related relief efforts.	Automaker 9/11 Contributions
vclaim-sno-automation-labs	Entering “Automation Labs” into Facebook’s “Block List” option will display a list of twenty people who have access to your Facebook account.	Facebook ‘Automation Labs’ Warning
vclaim-sno-autumn-pasquale	A 12-year-old girl named Autumn Pasquale is missing from her New Jersey home.	Missing Child: Autumn Pasquale
vclaim-sno-ava-roberts-youngest-doctor	"A 23-year-old woman named Ava Roberts has become ""the youngest female African-American doctor."""	Did 23-Year-Old Ava Roberts Become the ‘Youngest Female African-American Doctor’?
vclaim-sno-avant-6-months-to-live	R&B singer Avant was diagnosed with a terminal condition in March 2019 and was told he has only six months to live.	Does R&B Singer Avant Have Six Months to Live?
vclaim-sno-average-minimum-wages-big-mac-prices	A meme circulating online shows the average minimum wages in France, Australia, and the U.S. as well as the average cost of a Big Mac in each country.	Are These the Average Minimum Wages and Big Mac Prices in Three Countries?
vclaim-sno-avi-ben-stella	Prayers are requested for Avi Ben Stella, a 12-year-old car crash survivor now in a coma.	Avi Ben Stella Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-avoiding-future-plague-psa	A video shows a genuine public service announcement from 1956 about how people can avoid a future plague.	Is This ‘Avoiding the Future Plague’ Video a Real PSA From the 1950s?
vclaim-sno-avril-lavigne-dead-conspiracy-theory	Singer Avril Lavigne died and was replaced by a doppelgänger.	Conspiracy Weary
vclaim-sno-ayatollah-khamenei-share-picture-reading-fire-fury	"Ayatollah Ali Khamenei shared a photo of himself reading Michael Wolff’s ""Fire and Fury."""	Did Ayatollah Khamenei Share a Picture of Himself Reading ‘Fire and Fury’?
vclaim-sno-ayn-rand-quote	"Ayn Rand said, ""The question isn’t who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me."""	Did Ayn Rand Say ‘The Question Isn’t Who Is Going to Let Me; It’s Who Is Going to Stop Me’?
vclaim-sno-ayn-rand-social-security	Despite arguing that government benefits constitute an immoral redistribution of wealth, Ayn Rand received Social Security payouts later in life.	Did Ayn Rand Receive Social Security Benefits?
vclaim-sno-b-2-plans-for-sale	The Obama administration is selling blueprints for the B-2 Stealth Bomber to China in exchange for debt relief.	Obama to Sell B-2 Bomber Blueprints to China to Pay Off Debt
vclaim-sno-babe-ruth-pinstripes	The New York Yankees adopted pinstriped uniforms in an effort to disguise Babe Ruth's growing waistline.	Did the Yankees Adopt Pinstriped Uniforms to Hide Babe Ruth’s Girth?
vclaim-sno-babies-climate-change-aoc	A supporter of U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez suggested eating babies to combat climate change at a town hall event.	Did an AOC Supporter Suggest ‘Eating Babies’ to Fight Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-baby-boom-3	Hospitals experienced a sharp increase in births nine months after September 11.	Post 9/11 Baby Boom
vclaim-sno-baby-boom-4	An Atlanta police officer killed a baby following a breastfeeding dispute with the child's mother.	Atlanta Officer Kills Black Woman, Injures Child, Following Breastfeeding Argument
vclaim-sno-baby-boom-5	Photograph shows a 9-month-old baby tattooed by its mother’s boyfriend.	Mother Arrested for Tattooing Baby
vclaim-sno-baby-boom-6	A 600-pound Australian woman gave birth to a 40-pound baby.	Did a 600 Pound Woman Give Birth to a 40 Pound Baby?
vclaim-sno-baby-boom-7	A 2-year-old boy who shot and killed his mother in a Walmart is going to be tried as an adult.	2-Year-Old Who Shot Mother in Walmart to Be Tried for Crime as an Adult
vclaim-sno-baby-boom	Video shows a woman wanted by the FBI for torturing a baby.	Video Shows Woman Torturing a Baby?
vclaim-sno-baby-born-holding-iud	Photograph shows a newborn baby clutching an IUD in his hand.	Was a Baby Born Holding an IUD?
vclaim-sno-baby-carriage	Babies born in-flight are given free air travel by the airline for the rest of their lives.	Babies Born In-Flight Get Free Air Travel for Life?
vclaim-sno-baby-carrots	Baby carrots are made from deformed full-sized carrots that have been soaked in chlorine.	How Are Baby Carrots Made?
vclaim-sno-baby-close	A Florida man has “married” a 6-month-old boy.	Florida Man Marries a Baby
vclaim-sno-baby-delivered-inside-amniotic-sac	A viral video shows a newborn baby delivered inside an intact amniotic sac.	Video Shows Baby Delivered Inside Intact Amniotic Sac
vclaim-sno-baby-dies-of-vicks-vaporub-poisoning	A Mexican mother's young son was recently poisoned by topical application of Vicks VapoRub.	Baby Dies of Vicks VapoRub Poisoning?
vclaim-sno-baby-drop-off-box	Baby drop off boxes have been installed in Indiana firehouses for parents to anonymously and legally surrender newborns.	Baby Drop Off Box
vclaim-sno-baby-dunking-video	A video shows a priest aggressively dunking a baby underwater during a baptism ceremony.	Is This Video of a Baby Being Violently Dunked in Water Real?
vclaim-sno-baby-eaten-giant-rats	A baby was eaten by giant rats in South Africa.	Baby Eaten by Giant Rats
vclaim-sno-baby-elephant-poacher	Photograph shows a man caring for an elephant whose mother had been killed by poachers.	MISCAPTIONED: Baby Elephant Talk
vclaim-sno-baby-found-grenfell-tower	A baby was found alive in Grenfell Tower 12 days after a major fire in June 2017.	Did Police Find a Baby Alive, 12 Days After a London Tower Block Fire?
vclaim-sno-baby-giraffe-dies-one-month	A baby giraffe that earned viral fame in April 2017 passed away a month after birth.	Famous Baby Giraffe Passes Away Only a Month After Birth?
vclaim-sno-baby-giraffes-video-park	A video shows a group of baby giraffes.	Does a Video Show Baby Giraffes Frolicking in a Park?
vclaim-sno-baby-gorilla-harambe-mcharambeface	A zoo in China named a baby gorilla Harambe McHarambeface.	China’s Jinhua Zoo Names Baby Gorilla Harambe McHarambeface?
vclaim-sno-baby-great-white-photo	A photograph shows a baby great white shark.	Photo Does Not Show Baby Great White Shark
vclaim-sno-baby-grenfell-tower-fire	A baby was thrown from Grenfell Tower while it was on fire and caught by an unidentified man.	Was a Baby Tossed to Safety During the Grenfell Tower Fire?
vclaim-sno-baby-ibuprofen-2019-recall	In December 2019, the FDA reported that Tris Pharma had announced a voluntary recall of several infant ibuprofen products.	Did the FDA Announce a Baby Ibuprofen Recall in December 2019?
vclaim-sno-baby-love	Doctors discovered that a pregnant woman’s unborn daughter was also pregnant.	Unborn Baby Becomes Pregnant While Still Inside the Womb
vclaim-sno-baby-on-board	The death of an infant in an automobile accident led to the invention of ‘Baby on Board’ signs.	Origin of 'Baby on Board' Signs
vclaim-sno-baby-orajel-warning	Baby Orajel can cause infants to stop breathing and turn blue.	Baby Orajel Warning
vclaim-sno-baby-platypus-photograph	A photograph shows a real baby platypus.	Does a Viral Photo Show a Real Baby Platypus?
vclaim-sno-baby-ruth	The Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Ruth Cleveland (daughter of U.S. President Grover Cleveland), not Babe Ruth.	Was the Baby Ruth Candy Bar Named After Ruth Cleveland?
vclaim-sno-baby-shark-human-face	An image that went viral in February 2021 showed an actual baby shark with a “human face” that was caught by a local fisherman off the coast of Indonesia.	Is This an Authentic Photo of a Baby Shark With a ‘Human Face’?
vclaim-sno-baby-steps	Photograph shows an ISIS terrorist crushing babies whose parents have refused to convert from Christianity to Islam.	Is ISIS Crushing Babies?
vclaim-sno-baby-wipes-recall	Several brands of baby wipes available in the U.S. were recalled in 2017 because they pose a risk of serious infection.	Were Several Brands of Baby Wipes Recalled in 2017?
vclaim-sno-babysitter-ceiling-fan	Babysitter Nora Jackson was arrested in Florida for tying a baby to a ceiling fan for 26 hours.	Did a Babysitter Tie a One-Month-Old to a Ceiling Fan for 26 Hours?
vclaim-sno-babysitter-meth-eats-toddler	"A babysitter in Missouri ate a ""three-month-old toddler"" while she was high on meth."	Missouri Babysitter on Crystal Meth Eats Toddler?
vclaim-sno-babysitter-transported-to-hospital	A 31-year-old Cincinnati woman was taken to the hospital after the 14-month-old toddler she was babysitting got stuck in her vaginal cavity.	Babysitter Transported to Hospital After Inserting a Baby in Her Vagina?
vclaim-sno-bacca-brides-on-tour	"A woman was raped and murdered in Turkey during a trek for ""world peace."""	Hitchhiker Killed by Muslims?
vclaim-sno-bachmann-dinosaur-bones	Rep. Michele Bachmann questioned why dinosaur bones aren't dirty if they've been buried for millions of years.	Did Michele Bachmann Question Why Dinosaur Bones Aren’t Dirty?
vclaim-sno-bachmann-trump-overdrive	Michele Bachmann compare the Great Wall of China to a U.S.-Mexico border fence.	No Illegal Mexicans in China Thanks to the Great Wall
vclaim-sno-back-ali	Boxer Muhammad Ali's refusal to wear a seat belt on a plane spurred an answering quip from a stewardess.	Muhammad Ali on Seat Belts and Superman
vclaim-sno-back-and-fourth	Music student desperate to complete a composition assignment hands in a reversed version of someone else’s work.	Reversed Music Composition
vclaim-sno-back-to-the-future-michael-j-fox	"A photograph shared widely online in February 2021 showed actors Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd, together, 35 years after the release of ""Back to the Future."""	Does a Photo Show Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd 35 Years After ‘Back to the Future’?
vclaim-sno-back-to-the-future-prediction	The 1987 film Back to the Future II correctly predicted that the Florida Marlins would win the 1997 World Series and that the Cubs would play Florida in the 2015 World Series.	‘Back to the Future II’ Correctly Predicted Cubs World Series Win in 2015?
vclaim-sno-back-to-the-future-predictions	"Multiple social media rumors circulated on Back to the Future Day (21 October 2015): that Michael J. Fox was arrested for ""insider sports betting,"" that Nike delivered a pair of self-tying sneakers, and that the Biff Tannen character was based on Donald Trump."	Back to the Future Rumors and Predictions
vclaim-sno-backdrop-boris-johnson-interview	"The backdrop to an interview with U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson in August 2020 showed a ""Periodic Table of Maths,"" the letters of which were arranged to spell out “Fuck Boris.”"	Is This a Real Backdrop of a Boris Johnson Interview?
vclaim-sno-backless-booster-seat-ban	Backless boosters will be banned in the United States starting in December 2016.	Backless Booster Seats Banned in United States?
vclaim-sno-backwards-buildings	A campus building is odd-looking because the builder read the plans wrong and erected it backwards. Its impressive front facade now faces to the rear, while its much less impressive back entrance services the main flow of traffic entering from the front.	Backwards Buildings
vclaim-sno-bacon-package-cooking-instructions	"The cooking instructions on a bacon package advised consumers to ""contact your elected officials and complain"" if they ""don't know how to cook bacon."""	Does This Photograph Show the Cooking Instructions on a Bacon Package?
vclaim-sno-bacon-sandwich-reported-offensive-facebook	"Facebook users should share a photo of a bacon sandwich because Facebook deemed it ""offensive."""	Bacon Sandwich Reported as Offensive on Facebook
vclaim-sno-bad-lie-golf-joke	"The PGA officially has changed the golf term ""a bad lie"" to ""a Hillary"" in honor of Arnold Palmer."	A Bad Lie
vclaim-sno-bad-medicine	Data suppressed by the CDC proved that the MMR vaccine produces a 340% increased risk of autism in African-American boys.	Fraud at the CDC Uncovered?
vclaim-sno-bad-taste	Monica Lewinsky proclaimed she would be voting Republican because 'the Democrats left a bad taste in my mouth.'	Bad Taste
vclaim-sno-badgering-state	Wisconsin has passed a bill banning poor people from purchasing shellfish, potatoes, and ketchup.	Wisconsin Bans Poor People from Buying Shellfish, Potatoes and Ketchup?
vclaim-sno-baggage-denver-airport	An unusually large pile of baggage was seen at Denver International Airport.	Was a Gigantic Pile of Baggage Spotted at the Denver Airport?
vclaim-sno-baghdadi-obama-tweet	Barack Obama tweeted that deceased IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was a 'great' and 'innocent' man.	Did Obama Tweet That Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi Was ’A Great Man’?
vclaim-sno-baguette-knives-paris-protests	Photographs showed knives disguised as baguettes seized from fuel tax protesters by Paris police.	Did Police in Paris Confiscate ‘Baguette Knives’ from Fuel Tax Protesters?
vclaim-sno-bahamians-kicked-off-ferry	Bahamians fleeing the destruction of Hurricane Dorian in late summer 2019 were forced to leave a boat to the U.S. because they didn't have visas.	Were Bahamians Fleeing Dorian Told to Leave a Ferry to Florida Because They Lacked Visas?
vclaim-sno-bail-of-hey	Oprah Winfrey has posted bail for ‘sexy felon’ Jeremy Meeks.	Oprah Posts Bail for ‘Sexy Felon’ Jeremy Meeks
vclaim-sno-bail-out-detroit-now	Ben Stein wrote an editorial advocating a government bailout of the Big Three	Ben Stein: Bail Out Detroit – Now
vclaim-sno-bail-tale	Chris Brown posted bail for Ariel Castro, the Cleveland	Chris Brown Pays Ariel Castro’s Bail
vclaim-sno-bait-of-the-union	After the 2015 State of the Union address, Obama family guest Rebekah Erler was revealed to be a Democratic operative.	State of the Union Guest Rebekah Erler Was a Plant?
vclaim-sno-bakken-formation	Article provides information about untapped oil reserves in the Bakken formation.	Bakken Formation
vclaim-sno-bakker-trump-line	"Televangelist Jim Bakker described a dream he had in which God showed him the ""holy Trump line"" that would ""rule"" for years."	Did Televangelist Jim Bakker Say ‘God Will Create a Holy Line of Trumps’?
vclaim-sno-bald-for-bieber	Justin Bieber has cancer, and fans are shaving their heads in support of him.	Justin Bieber Has Cancer
vclaim-sno-bald-spot	Monsanto cucumbers were banned in Nova Scotia after a study found they caused genital baldness.	Monsanto Cucumbers Cause Genital Baldness
vclaim-sno-bali-awry	A vacationing man discovered that increasing pain he was experiencing was due to a tropical spider’s living under his skin.	Spider Lives in Man’s Scar?
vclaim-sno-balloon-breasted-trump	A photograph shows President Trump with balloons stuffed into his shirt.	Balloon-Breasted Trump?
vclaim-sno-ballot-envelopes-reveal-party	Mail-in ballot envelopes reveal the political party of the voter, meaning that Postal Service employees can tamper with election results.	Do Ballot Envelopes Reveal the Party of the Voter?
vclaim-sno-ballot-pox	Mitt Romney’s son Tagg owns a company that manufactures voting machines.	Tagg Romney Owns Ohio Voting Machines?
vclaim-sno-ballots-california-landfill	Photographs show over a thousand mail-in ballots discovered in a California landfill.	Were These Mail-In Ballots Discovered in a California Landfill?
vclaim-sno-ballots-georgia-senate	Poll workers in Georgia's Senate runoff election illegally uncovered 50,000 ballots in the early morning hours of Jan. 6, 2021.	Did 50K Ballots Suspiciously Appear at Polls Overnight in Georgia Senate Runoffs?
vclaim-sno-ballots-lancaster-pa	In the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, counted more mail-in ballots than it actually received.	Did Lancaster County Count More Mail-in Ballots Than It Received?
vclaim-sno-ballots-video-voter-fraud-trump	A video shows the illegal collection of ballots for the 2020 election in California.	Does This Ballot Collection Video Show Voter Fraud?
vclaim-sno-balls-book-for-parents	"A book titled ""Do You Want to Play with My Balls?"" was published for children."	Was a ‘Do You Want to Play with My Balls?’ Book Intended for Children?
vclaim-sno-balls-up-2	The wife of famous golfer blurted out on the air that she kisses her husband's balls for luck.	‘I Kiss His Balls for Luck’
vclaim-sno-balls-up	A Washington State youth sports league is now playing soccer without the ball in order to minimize the negative effects of competition.	Is a Washington Youth Sports League Playing Soccer Without the Ball?
vclaim-sno-baltimore-prosecutor-deletes-election-day-ballot-picture	Marilyn Mosby posted (and then deleted) a picture showing her daughter in the ballot booth	Baltimore Prosecutor Deletes Election Day Ballot Picture
vclaim-sno-bambulance	An intoxicated motorist hits a deer with his car and, assuming the animal is dead, loads it into his back seat. The deer revives and begins kicking and biting, prompting a hilarious 911 call by the dazed and confused driver.	911 Call After Hitting Deer
vclaim-sno-ban-canadians-usa-highways	American legislator John Grumpart wants to ban Canadians from driving on U.S. roads.	American Legislator Wants Canadians Banned from Driving in USA
vclaim-sno-ban-on-military-proselytizing	U.S. soldiers and chaplains will be facing court-martials for professing their Christianity.	Ban on Military Proselytizing
vclaim-sno-banana-baby-food-glass-warning	Banana baby food is being recalled due to glass in the product.	Banana Baby Food Glass Warning
vclaim-sno-banana-ban	Bananas on a fishing boat are unlucky.	What’s Behind the ‘No Bananas on a Boat’ Superstition?
vclaim-sno-banana-bloat	Eating six or seven bananas at once can result in death from a lethal potassium overdose.	Will Eating Too Many Bananas Kill You?
vclaim-sno-banana-boat-sunscreen-burn	Banana Boat brand sunscreen is causing severe burns, particularly on toddlers and young children.	Is Banana Boat Sunscreen Causing Burns in Children?
vclaim-sno-banana-fits	Bananas imported from South Africa or Costa Rica are infected with the “flesh-eating disease” known as necrotizing fasciitis.	Bananas and Flesh-Eating Disease
vclaim-sno-banana-injected-blood-hiv	Bananas that display a red discoloration inside are dangerous to human health if eaten.	Are Discolored Bananas Infected with HIV?
vclaim-sno-banana-kiwi-hoax-video	Gardeners can create a hybrid kiwi banana fruit by planting a piece of a banana and a piece of a kiwi in the same pot.	How to Create a Hybrid Kiwi-Banana Fruit
vclaim-sno-banana-peal	Bananas will be extinct within ten years.	Will Bananas Be Extinct in Ten Years?
vclaim-sno-banana-skinned	A store made good on its offer to sell stereos for “299 bananas” when customers proffered the fruit as payment.	Stereo Sold for 299 Bananas
vclaim-sno-bananas-coronavirus	Eating bananas is a preventative against the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Will Eating Bananas Prevent Coronavirus Infection?
vclaim-sno-bandits-posing-as-gas-company-workers	Image depicts two men known to be posing as gas company workers in an attempt to gain access to homes and rob them.	Bandits Posing as Gas Company Workers
vclaim-sno-bang-energy-trump-campaign	A portion of money from every Bang Energy purchase goes toward funding U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 re-election efforts.	Does a Portion of Each Bang Energy Sale Go Toward Trump’s Campaign?
vclaim-sno-bang-honk-save-cats-sleeping-tires	Cats have been gravely injured or killed after seeking warmth by hiding in wheel wells or under cars.	Should You Bang or Honk to Save Cats Sleeping on Tires?
vclaim-sno-banjo-boy	A chance encounter between an autistic child and an actor resulted  in the “dueling banjos” scene in	Banjo Boy
vclaim-sno-bank-holiday	"Receipt of special ""closed"" signs by Bank of America signals that U.S. banks will soon be shut down by the government for one week."	Bank Holiday
vclaim-sno-bank-shot-2	Thomas Jefferson said that “banks and corporations will deprive the people of all property.”	Thomas Jefferson on Banks
vclaim-sno-bank-shot-3	Thomas Jefferson said that “banks and corporations will deprive the people of all property.”	Thomas Jefferson on Banks
vclaim-sno-banks-wrongfully-convicted-rape	Star football player Brian Banks was convicted of raping a woman who confessed on Facebook that she fabricated her accusation -- after he served six years in prison.	Was Football Star Brian Banks Wrongfully Convicted of Rape?
vclaim-sno-banned-old-flag-2	Residents of Cape Coral, Florida, displayed 500 American flags after a store owner there was ordered to remove a U.S. flag display.	Was a Florida Hardware Store Ordered to Remove U.S. Flags?
vclaim-sno-banned-old-flag	Medal of Honor recipient Van T. Barfoot is barred from flying the U.S. flag outside his home.	Banned Old Flag
vclaim-sno-banned-photo-moon-landing-fake	"A ""banned"" photograph of a man in a suit walking on ""the moon"" revealed the 1969 moon landing was a hoax."	Did ‘Banned’ Photo Expose Fake Moon Landing?
vclaim-sno-banner-purchase	Purchases of U.S. flags are exempt from sales taxes.	U.S. Flags Exempt from Sales Taxes
vclaim-sno-bannon-fauci-wray-head-pikes	"Former U.S. President Donald Trump campaign adviser Steve Bannon called for a ""second term"" to kick off with the firings of NIH Director Dr. Anthony Fauci and FBI Director Christopher Wray, adding that he would put their ""heads on pikes"" as a warning."	Did Bannon Say He’d Put Fauci’s and FBI Director Wray’s ‘Heads on Pikes’?
vclaim-sno-bannon-leninist-destroy-state	"Steve Bannon once described himself a ""Leninist"" who wanted to destroy the state."	Did Steve Bannon Describe Himself as a ‘Leninist’ Who Wants to Destroy the State?
vclaim-sno-bar-and-grille	The morning after an all-night drinking binge, a man discovers the body of a little girl embedded in his car’s grille.	Dead Body on Car
vclaim-sno-bar-code-origin-point	The first three digits of a bar code indicate a product's country of origin.	Can You Determine a Product’s Country of Origin by Its Bar Code?
vclaim-sno-bar-none	Retailers mistakenly scanned the wrong side of a CD bearing bar	Bar Code Confusion
vclaim-sno-bar-owner-biden-ad	"In October 2020, Joe Biden's presidential campaign pulled an ad featuring Joe Malcoun because the campaign ""got caught"" misrepresenting his business interests and his family's inherited wealth."	Did Biden Campaign Pull Ad After ‘Struggling Bar Owner’ Was Revealed as a ‘Wealthy Investor’?
vclaim-sno-baracco-clintez-trump-star	A man named Baracco Clintez was responsible for vandalizing Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.	Did ‘Baracco Clintez’ Smash Donald Trump’s Walk of Fame Star?
vclaim-sno-barack-hussein-obama-covid-sign	"A photograph shows a person holding a protest sign claiming that the number of characters in ""Barack Hussein Obama"" add up to the ""19"" in COVID-19."	Is This ‘Barack + Hussein + Obama = COVID-19’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-2005-immigration-quote	"In 2005, Senator Barack Obama expressed his opposition to ""undetected, undocumented, unchecked"" immigration."	Did Barack Obama Express Opposition to ‘Undetected, Undocumented, Unchecked’ Immigration?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-accomplishments	A list of some of President Obama's economic accomplishments shows all he has done, even hampered by political obstructionism.	Obama Accomplishments
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-grocery-tweet	Barack Obama poked fun at President Trump on Twitter for saying that grocery shoppers required ID,	Did Barack Obama Mock President Trump’s ‘IDs for Groceries’ Speech on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-illuminati-photo	A photograph shows Barack Obama dressed as Lucifer for an 'Illuminati ritual.'	Does This Photograph Show Barack Obama Dressed as Satan?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-in-afghanistan	Barack Obama “blew off” U.S. soldiers during a July 2008 trip to Afghanistan.	Barack Obama in Afghanistan
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-katrina	Barack Obama was president when Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005.	Was Barack Obama President During Hurricane Katrina?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-most-admired	A Gallup survey has identified Barack Obama as the 'Most Admired Man' in the world for 11 straight years.	Has Barack Obama Been the ‘Most Admired Man’ in the World for 11 Years?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-named-lawsuit-inciting-violence-police	"President Obama is being sued for ""inciting violence"" against police."	Was Barack Obama Named in a Lawsuit for ‘Inciting Violence’ Against Police?
vclaim-sno-barack-obama-pardon-330-criminals-final-week-office	President Obama pardoned Chelsea Manning and 1,700 other criminals during his eight years in office, including more than 330 in his final week.	Did Barack Obama Pardon More Than 330 Criminals During His Final Week in Office?
vclaim-sno-baracking-up-is-hard-to-do	First Lady Michelle Obama has filed for divorce from President Barack Obama because he has abdicated both marital and executive duties to play golf.	Michelle Obama Files for Divorce, Says ‘Barack Plays Too Much Golf’
vclaim-sno-barbara-boxer-gave-bernie-sanders-supporters-the-finger	"Sen. Barbara Boxer flipped off supporters of Bernie Sanders off before claiming she ""feared for her life"" and exiting the stage at a Nevada convention, and a photo of the event has been censored by social media."	Barbara Boxer Gave Bernie Sanders Supporters the Finger?
vclaim-sno-barbara-bush-astrodome-quote	"Former first lady Barbara Bush said that Hurricane Katrina  refugees being housed in the Houston Astrodome were ""underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them."""	Did Barbara Bush Say Living in the Astrodome Was ‘Working Very Well’ for Hurricane Refugees?
vclaim-sno-barbed-wire-crib	A video shows serial killer and babysitter Nancy James, hired by the Peerc family, placing barbed wire around a baby crib.	Did a Serial Killer Babysitter Place Barbed Wire Around a Baby Crib?
vclaim-sno-barbie-ouija-board	An image shows a real Barbie-themed Ouija board game by Mattel.	Is the Barbie Ouija Board in This Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-barging-in	E-mail from tugboat sailor claims thousands of barges have been left loaded with unsold fuel in order to create shortages and drive up the price of gasoline.	Unloaded Gasoline Barges
vclaim-sno-barilla-pasta	The chairman of the Barilla pasta brand once said he would never use homosexual couples in his advertisements.	Did Barilla Pasta’s Chairman Make Anti-Gay Remarks?
vclaim-sno-barker-trump-plan-usa	Game show host Bob Barker passed away and left 90% of his wealth to the Trump 2020 campaign.	No, Bob Barker Did Not Die and Leave Fortune to ‘Trump’s Plan for USA’
vclaim-sno-barn-find	Photographs show a barn full of vintage automobiles discovered by the purchaser of a Portuguese farmhouse.	Did a Homebuyer Discover a Barn Full of Classic Cars on His Property?
vclaim-sno-barnes-noble-trump-pig-children	In October 2019, Barnes & Noble sold or marketed a satire of Donald Trump's presidency as a children's book, or placed it in the children's section of stores.	Did Barnes and Noble Market a Parody of Trump’s Presidency as a Children’s Book?
vclaim-sno-barney-based-on-serial-killer	The children's TV show 'Barney & Friends'  was based on a 1930s serial killer.	‘Barney’ Was Based on a 1930s Serial Killer
vclaim-sno-barney-frank-bernie-sanders	"A viral quote criticizing Bernie Sanders for saying that the Democratic party was not ""progressive"" enough originated with Barney Frank."	Barney Frank Criticizes Bernie Sanders
vclaim-sno-barney-unmasked	Children’s TV host Barney the purple dinosaur was caught with cocaine hidden in his tail and cussed out a child.	Barney Rumors
vclaim-sno-baron-trumps-marvelous-underground-journey	"Author Ingersoll Lockwood wrote the books ""Baron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey"" and ""1900: or, The Last President""  in the 1890s."	Is “Baron Trump’s Marvelous Underground Journey” a Real Book from the 1890s?
vclaim-sno-barr-major-discovery	Following the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Attorney General William Barr called an emergency meeting with President Donald Trump after a major voting ndiscovery was made.	No, Barr Didn’t Call ‘Emergency Meeting’ after ‘Major’ Post-Election Discovery
vclaim-sno-barrett-jail-guard-ruling	Amy Coney Barrett reversed a lower court's decision to hold a jail guard liable for paying damages to a female inmate whom he'd raped on multiple occasions.	Did Amy Coney Barrett Reverse a Decision to Make a Jail Guard Pay Damages for Raping a Female Inmate?
vclaim-sno-barrett-nword-opinion	"Judge Amy Coney Barrett, who was nominated to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2020, once declared that ""being called the N-word does not constitute a hostile work environment."""	Did Amy Coney Barrett Say ‘Being Called the N-Word Does Not Constitute a Hostile Work Environment’?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-benefit-birthright-citizenship	Donald Trump's son Barron became a U.S. citizen thanks to birthright citizenship.	Did Barron Trump Benefit from Birthright Citizenship?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-chess	Barron Trump has earned the title of Chess Grandmaster.	Is Barron Trump a Chess Grandmaster?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-emancipated-minor	In late 2020 or early 2021, Barron Trump became legally emancipated from his parents.	Did Barron Trump Become an Emancipated Minor?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-i-miss-obama-shirt	"A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump's son Barron wearing an ""I Miss Obama"" shirt."	Did Barron Trump Wear an ‘I Miss Obama’ Shirt in This Photo?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-nike	President Donald Trump's son Barron was once photographed wearing Nike brand shoes.	Does This Photograph Show Barron Trump Wearing Nike Shoes?
vclaim-sno-barron-trump-wins-national-academic-award	President Trump's son Barron won a national academic award in June 2017.	Barron Trump Wins National Academic Award?
vclaim-sno-barry-williams-not-dead	Actor Barry Williams, who played Greg Brady on 'The Brady Bunch,' was shot and killed by police officers in California.	‘Brady Bunch’ Actor Barry Williams Was Not Shot Dead By Police
vclaim-sno-barry-wilmore-see-astronaut-ramirez-outside-the-space-station	Barry Wilmore said that he saw astronaut Ramirez outside the space station even though Ramirez was sitting right next to him.	Did Barry Wilmore See a Fellow Astronaut Outside the Space Station?
vclaim-sno-barton-wind-finite	"Rep. Joe Barton said ""wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up."""	Did Rep. Joe Barton Proclaim ‘Wind Is a Finite Resource’?
vclaim-sno-baseball-cut-in-half-by-axe	A baseball player using an axe as a bat cut the ball in two with his swing and knocked half of it over the fence, scoring half a run and winning the game.	Was a Baseball Game Won by a Score of 2½-2?
vclaim-sno-baseball-player-moe-berg-spy	"Morris ""Moe"" Berg, a multilingual Princeton University graduate who played major league baseball throughout the 1920s and '30s, lived a life of danger and intrigue as a U.S. military intelligence officer in Europe during World War II."	Was Baseball Player Moe Berg a World War II Spy?
vclaim-sno-baseball-players-kneeling-protest-1950s	Baseball players in the 1950s were caught on camera kneeling to protest lynchings in the United States.	Were Baseball Players Photographed Kneeling to Protest Lynchings in the 1950s?
vclaim-sno-baseball-stealing-woman-identified	A woman who grabbed a baseball away from a child at an Astros game was identified as child psychologist Grennele Brashkowitz.	Was the Identity of a Baseball-Stealing Woman Revealed?
vclaim-sno-basic-instinct	Image shows an advertisement for Oreo cookies featuring a breast-feeding baby.	Oreo: Milk’s Favorite Cookie
vclaim-sno-basket-cases	Car thieves at the Deerbrook Mall place baskets under cars to lure drivers out of their vehicles.	Baskets Under Cars at Deerbrook Mall
vclaim-sno-basketball-diaries-bridge-suicide	"A person can be seen committing suicide by jumping from a bridge in the background of a scene in the movie ""The Basketball Diaries."""	Does a Scene from ‘The Basketball Diaries’ Capture a Suicide in the Background?
vclaim-sno-basketbull	The IOC has announced 3-on-3 basketball will be an official sport at the 2016 Olympics.	3-on-3 Basketball at the 2016 Olympics?
vclaim-sno-bat-your-lashes	Bat guano is used in the manufacture of mascara.	Is Mascara Made from Bat Guano?
vclaim-sno-batbot-6000-baseball-robot	"A video shows a ""Batbot 6000"" hitting baseballs in a batting cage."	Is ‘Batbot 6000’ a Real Baseball-Hitting Robot?
vclaim-sno-bath-body-jerks	A Bath & Body Works manager refused to serve a group of disabled students.	Bath & Body Works Chesterfield Mall Incident
vclaim-sno-bath-lightning-deaths	It is dangerous to take baths or shower during thunderstorms, and people have been injured or killed while doing so.	Is It Dangerous to Take a Bath During a Thunderstorm?
vclaim-sno-bath-salts-genitals-microwave	A man high on bath salts cut off his genitals and microwaved them.	Did a Man High on Bath Salts Cut Off His Genitals and Microwave Them?
vclaim-sno-batman-tv-theme	The lyrics to the 1966 Batman TV series theme song were produced by brass instruments, not human voices.	How Was the ‘Batman’ TV Theme Created?
vclaim-sno-battery-park	Storing a car battery on a concrete floor will drain the battery and ruin it.	Do Cement Floors Ruin Car Batteries?
vclaim-sno-batting-around	More homicides in the U.S. are committed with baseball bats than with firearms.	Gun Deaths vs. Baseball Bat Deaths
vclaim-sno-bawl-and-chainletter	Don’t like your husband? A chain letter offers a way to trade up to something better.	Husband Swap Chain Letter
vclaim-sno-bay-state	President Obama has pardoned and released all the prisoners being held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp.	Remaining Guantanamo Bay Prisoners Pardoned By President Obama
vclaim-sno-baya-weaver-death-video	The baya weaver bird is the only animal in the world that dies when its mate dies.	Is the Baya Weaver Bird the Only Animal That Dies When Its Companion Dies?
vclaim-sno-bbb-senior-photos-message	The Better Business Bureau advised Facebook users to reconsider posting high school senior photos in spring 2020 to help protect their online privacy.	Did BBB Warn Against Sharing High School Senior Photos?
vclaim-sno-bbc-accused-of-faking-shots-for-planet-earth-2	"The BBC used computer graphics to capture the harrowing ""iguana vs. snake"" chase in ""Planet Earth 2."""	BBC Accused of Faking Shots for ‘Planet Earth 2’
vclaim-sno-bbc-nato-russia-nuclear-incident	A video report from the BBC stated that a nuclear war had started between NATO and Russia.	Did the BBC Report on a Nuclear War Between NATO and Russia?
vclaim-sno-bbc-pedophilia-journalist-dead	"The death of former BBC investigative reporter Liz MacKean was ""suspicious."""	Did a Former BBC Investigative Journalist Die in ‘Suspicious Circumstances’?
vclaim-sno-bbc-weather-reporter-cursed	BBC's Carol Kirkwood used a curse word to describe the weather.	No Sanction for BBC’s Carol Kirkwood Over ‘Cold as F*ck’ Weather Forecast
vclaim-sno-be-like-bill	"The ""Be Like Bill"" Facebook craze exposes users to malware and/or was borne of nefarious intent."	‘Be Like Bill’ Spreads Malware?
vclaim-sno-beagle-and-fawn	Photographs show a fawn that entered a home through a doggie door and made itself at home on the couch.	A Beagle and A Fawn
vclaim-sno-bean-climber-video-chicago	"A video shows the first person to climb ""the Bean"" in Chicago."	Video Shows Person Who Climbed Chicago’s Bean?
vclaim-sno-beanie-baby-worth-thousands	"A couple bought a ""Princess"" Beanie Baby worth £62,500 for just £10."	Couple Buys Limited Edition Beanie Baby Worth Thousands for £10
vclaim-sno-bear-attack-photo	A photograph documents a scary moment when a bear got dangerously close to an oblivious fisherman.	Was This Photograph Taken Moments Before a Bear Attack?
vclaim-sno-bear-chases-bike	A photograph shows a bear chasing a cyclist down a mountain road.	Does This Photograph Capture a Bear Chasing a Cyclist?
vclaim-sno-bear-costume-black-friday	A photograph shows a man in a bear costume being arrested for tearing apart tents of Black Friday campers.	Was a Man in Bear Costume Arrested for Tearing Apart Tents of Black Friday Campers?
vclaim-sno-bear-hunt	Photographs show an enormous bear killed by an Alaskan hunter.	Bear Hunt
vclaim-sno-bear-mauls-honey-smeared-child	A photo opportunity involving a bear and a honey-smeared child resulted in a terrible mauling.	Bear Mauls Honey-Smeared Child
vclaim-sno-bear-motorcycle-sidecar	A video shows a bear riding in the sidecar of a motorcycle.	Bear Rides in Motorcycle Sidecar?
vclaim-sno-bear-skier-chase-mountain	A video shows a bear chasing a skier down a mountain in Romania in January 2021.	Did a Bear Chase a Skier Down a Mountain?
vclaim-sno-bear-vs-bike	A GoPro camera captured footage of a bear chasing a cyclist through the woods.	Did a GoPro Capture a Bear Chasing a Biker Through the Woods?
vclaim-sno-bear-wires	Photographs show a brown bear that was electrocuted when it chewed through a power line.	Electrocuted Bear
vclaim-sno-beardghazi	Hillary Clinton wants to ban beards and impose fines on the bearded.	Hillary Clinton Wants to Ban Beards?
vclaim-sno-bearing-the-flag	The design of the California state flag was based on a mistake.	Bearing the Flag
vclaim-sno-beast-goodyear-tires	The U.S. presidential limo is equipped with Goodyear tires.	Does ‘The Beast’ Use Goodyear Tires?
vclaim-sno-beatles-help-album-cover	"The cover of the Beatles' ""Help!"" album shows the group spelling out the word ""help"" in semaphore."	What Does the Beatles’ ‘Help!’ Album Cover Mean?
vclaim-sno-beaver-penises-smuggled-canada	Chinese authorities seized 12 tons of beaver penises that were being smuggled in from Canada.	Did Chinese Authorities Seize 12 Tons of Beaver Penises Smuggled in From Canada?
vclaim-sno-bed-bath-beyond-coupon	Facebook users can receive a Bed Bath & Beyond coupon in exchange for sharing a post or taking a survey.	$75 Bed Bath & Beyond Coupon?
vclaim-sno-bed-reckoning-2	An irritating cell phone user is summoned back to bed by another woman during a call to his wife.	Back to Bed Summons
vclaim-sno-bedside-companion	You should take Aspirin at the first sign of a heart attack, but don’t lie down.	Aspirin and Heart Attacks
vclaim-sno-bee-species-endangered	Bees have been classified as an endangered species.	Were Bees Added to the Endangered Species List?
vclaim-sno-bee-sting-penis-enlargement	A bee sting to the penis will cause it to be permanently enlarged.	Will a Bee Sting Cause Permanent Penis Enlargement?
vclaim-sno-bee-venom-kills-hiv	Bee sting venom can kill HIV.	Bee Venom Kills HIV
vclaim-sno-beef-tallow-in-new-5-notes	British £5 notes introduced in 2016 contain traces of beef tallow.	Beef Tallow In New £5 Notes?
vclaim-sno-bees-gmo-cornfield	Over 37 million bees were killed by a large GMO cornfield planted in Ontario, Canada.	Were 37 Million Bees Killed by a Large GMO Corn Field?
vclaim-sno-beetlejuice-2-coming-soon	'Beetlejuice 2,' a sequel to the 1988 comedy horror film, is coming to theaters soon.	Is ‘Beetlejuice 2’ Coming Soon?
vclaim-sno-befriended-hippo	Photograph shows a baby hippo and a giant tortoise who became friends in captivity.	Tortoise and Hippo
vclaim-sno-behead-of-the-family	Grisly photograph shows the Buckley family, whose children beheaded their mother with an axe on Halloween.	Buckley Family Halloween Beheading
vclaim-sno-beheaded-columbus-statue	"A photograph shows a statue of Christopher Columbus that was ""beheaded."""	Is This a Pic of a ‘Beheaded’ Christopher Columbus Statue?
vclaim-sno-beheaded-for-trouble	A cuckolded husband presented his wife with the head of her lover.	Beheaded Lover
vclaim-sno-beheaded-wolf-eel-still-bite	A video shows the decapitated head of a poisonous wolf eel biting down on a can of coca-cola.	Can Wolf Eel Bite and Poison You After It’s Been Decapitated?
vclaim-sno-being-single-is-a-disability	The World Health Organization has listed being single as a disability under their definition of infertility.	Did WHO Define Being Single as a Disability?
vclaim-sno-beirut-explosion-cause-missile	A video shows a missile striking a building in Beirut in early August 2020 and causing a massive explosion.	Was Beirut Explosion Caused By a Missile?
vclaim-sno-bel-air-mansion	Photographs show a mansion belonging to Filipino senator Manny Villar.	Bel Air Mansion
vclaim-sno-belakwa-ny-abandoned	A sign marks the location of the now-abandoned town of Belakwa, New York, rendered uninhabitable due to hydrofracking.	Was Belakwa, New York, Abandoned Due to Hydrofracking?
vclaim-sno-belgian-lights-phallic-display	The Belgian town of Oudenburg accidentally decorated for Christmas with penis-shaped lights.	Did a Belgian Town Accidentally Decorate for Christmas with Phallic Light Display?
vclaim-sno-belgian-town-removes-nativity-scene-appease-four-muslim-residents	A town in Belgium was forced to remove a nativity scene to avoid offending four Muslim residents.	Did a Belgian Town Remove Nativity Scene to Appease Four Muslim Residents?
vclaim-sno-belgium-mayor-pork-ban	The mayor of Ath, in Belgium, refused to remove pork from school canteens in the face of pressure from Muslim parents.	Did a Belgian Mayor Refuse to Ban Pork in School Cafeterias?
vclaim-sno-bella-marie-lamb	A girl named Bella Marie Lamb has been kidnapped from her Columbia, TN, home.	Missing Child: Bella Marie Lamb
vclaim-sno-bella-ramsey-break-dancing	A video shows television actress Bella Ramsey break-dancing.	Does a Viral Video Really Show ‘Game of Thrones’ Actress Bella Ramsey Break-Dancing?
vclaim-sno-belle-delphine-herpes-bathwater	More than 50 people contracted herpes from drinking bathwater sold to them by the Instagram star Belle Delphine, in July 2019.	Did People Contract Herpes After Drinking Instagram Star Belle Delphine’s Bathwater?
vclaim-sno-belle-pepper	The popular Dr Pepper soft drink is made from prune juice	Is Dr Pepper Made from Prune Juice?
vclaim-sno-bells-in-paris-biden	A video captures church bells being rung in Paris to celebrate the projection of Joe Biden as the winner in the 2020 U.S. presidential election.	Did Church Bells Ring in Paris to Celebrate Biden’s Election Win?
vclaim-sno-bellsletstalk-fundraising	"The telecommunications company Bell Canada is donating 5 cents for certain social media interactions during ""Bell Let's Talk Day."""	Is #BellLetsTalk a Legitimate Fundraising Effort for Mental Health?
vclaim-sno-ben-and-jerrys-hate-cops	"A photograph shows the founders of Ben & Jerry's holding a sign that reads ""We Hate Cops."""	Ben and Jerry’s ‘Hate Cops’?
vclaim-sno-ben-and-jerrys-latke-ice-cream	Ben & Jerry's released a latke-batter-flavored ice cream.	Did Ben & Jerry’s Release a Latke-Batter-Flavored Ice Cream?
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-abortions-create-baby-ghosts-haunt-hospitals	Ben Carson said abortions led to baby ghosts haunting hospitals, stealing medical supplies, and increasing healthcare costs.	Ben Carson: ‘Abortions Create Baby Ghosts that Haunt Hospitals’
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-hurricane-homelessness-gift-heaven	"Ben Carson told a hurricane victim that ""homelessness is a gift from heaven"" and a sign that God wanted them to be homeless."	Did Ben Carson Tell Hurricane Victims ‘Homelessness Is A Gift From Heaven’?
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-remember-president	Former Republican candidate Dr. Ben Carson doesn't remember running for president.	Ben Carson Doesn’t Remember Running for President?
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-thinks-the-earth-would-have-exploded-during-big-bang	Ben Carson once said “if the Big Bang is merely a theory, if by chance it was true, how would you explain that the Earth didn't blow up during the explosion?”	Ben Carson Thinks the Earth Would Have Exploded During Big Bang
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-voter-fraud	Ben Carson said that illegal immigrants who get caught voting should be stripped of citizenship.	Did Ben Carson Say That Illegal Immigrants Caught Voting Should Lose Their U.S. Citizenship?
vclaim-sno-ben-carson-welfare-meme	"Dr. Ben Carson said the ""disintegration of the family unit and the welfare state are enslaving African-Americans and ruining their futures"" but received help from such programs in his youth."	Did Ben Carson’s Family Benefit from Welfare?
vclaim-sno-ben-jerrys-impeachmint-ice-cream	"Ben & Jerry's created an ""ImPeachMint"" flavored ice cream for President Donald Trump."	Did Ben & Jerry’s Create an ‘ImPeachMint’ Flavored Ice Cream for President Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-ben-shapiro-zip-ties-capitol	Conservative commentator Ben Shapiro tweeted: “Literally every regular human I know owns zip ties,” amid discussion about rioters carrying zip cuffs at the U.S. Capitol insurrection.	Did Ben Shapiro Say ‘Every Regular Human’ Owns Zip Ties After US Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-ben-stein-on-stardom	Ben Stein penned an essay on the nature of stardom.	Ben Stein – How Can Someone Who Lives in Insane Luxury Be a Star in Today’s World?
vclaim-sno-ben-stein	Ben Stein said that “Obama wants every citizen to prove they are insured, but people don’t have to prove they are citizens.”	Ben Stein on Health Insurance
vclaim-sno-benadryl-challenge-tiktok-overdose	The so-called “Benadryl Challenge” went viral on TikTok in 2020, challenging teenagers to overdose on the allergy medication to elicit hallucinatory effects, prompting warnings from medical experts over the potential risk of overdose death.	Did the ‘Benadryl Challenge’ Prompt Warnings of Overdose Risk?
vclaim-sno-benadryl-rattlesnake-bites	The common allergy drug Benadryl can be used to treat rattlesnake bites.	Can Benadryl Treat Rattlesnake Bites?
vclaim-sno-beneful-dog-food	Purina's Beneful brand dog food is causing dogs to become ill and die.	Beneful Dog Food
vclaim-sno-benjamin-franklin-said-to-question-authority	Benjamin Franklin said it was the first responsibility of every citizen to question authority.	Benjamin Franklin Said to ‘Question Authority’?
vclaim-sno-bens-drunken-confession	Drunk Chairman of the Federal Reserve lets loose in a bar about how bad the U.S. economy truly is.	Drunk Ben Bernanke Rant
vclaim-sno-bergdahl-promoted-obama	President Obama promoted former Taliban captive Bowe Bergdahl to staff sergeant.	Was Bowe Bergdahl Promoted by President Obama?
vclaim-sno-berkeley-breathed-trump-letter	President Trump's lawyers sent a cease and desist letter to a cartoonist for using doctored images of the Trump family.	Did President Trump’s Lawyers Send Berkeley Breathed a Cease and Desist Letter?
vclaim-sno-berkeley-earthquake-hoax	Scientists state a 30% chance that a  6.0 earthquake will hit Berkeley, California, within	Berkeley Earthquake Hoax
vclaim-sno-berkeley-instructor-rural-usa	"Jackson Kernion, a graduate instructor in philosophy at UC Berkeley, wrote on Twitter that rural Americans are ""bad people who have made bad life decisions."""	Did a UC Berkeley Instructor Say Rural Americans Are ‘Bad People’?
vclaim-sno-berlin-wall-torn-down	The Berlin Wall existed for 10,316 days and was torn down 10,316 days ago.	Has It Been 10,316 Days Since the Berlin Wall Was Torn Down?
vclaim-sno-bermuda-triangle-explained	"Scientists recently found evidence to explain the mysterious ""Bermuda Triangle"" phenomenon."	Did Scientists Find Evidence to Explain the Bermuda Triangle?
vclaim-sno-bermuda-triangle-ship-reappears-90-years-after-going-missing	The SS Cotopaxi was discovered by the Cuban Coast Guard 90 years after it vanished in the Bermuda Triangle.	Did a Ship Reappear in the Bermuda Triangle 90 Years After Going Missing?
vclaim-sno-bernice-king-mlk-day-instagram	Instagram flagged a reposted tweet from Bernice King about her father, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., on Jan. 18, 2021, which is MLK Day, for misinformation pertaining to the COVID-19 vaccine.	Was Bernice King’s Tweet on MLK Day Flagged as Misinfo by Instagram?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-art-heist	Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders plans to tackle income inequality by stealing art from billionaires.	Is Bernie Sanders Planning to Tackle Income Inequality with a Billionaire Art Heist?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-audi-8	Bernie Sanders purchased a $172,000 luxury car with presidential campaign donations.	Did Bernie Sanders Buy a $172,000 Car with Campaign Donations?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-baltimore	"U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders compared Baltimore to a ""third world country."""	Did U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders Say Baltimore Was Like a ‘Third World Country’?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-blame-cops-crime	Senator Bernie Sanders said in a speech that cops were to blame for crime.	Did Bernie Sanders Blame Cops for Crime?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-campaign-data-breach-controversy	Staffers on Bernie Sanders' campaign deliberately and improperly accessed information about the Hillary Clinton campaign during a brief (30-40 minute-long) data security lapse.	Bernie Sanders Campaign Data Breach Controversy
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-chemtrail-reform	"Bernie Sanders called for ""chemtrail reform"" during a campaign stop in Nevada."	Bernie Sanders on Chemtrails?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-chicago-ballot	Bernie Sanders was omitted from the Chicago primary ballot.	Bernie Sanders Not on Chicago Primary Ballot?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-dodged-draft	Bernie Sanders dodged the draft during the Vietnam War era.	Did Bernie Sanders Dodge the Draft?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-essay	"Bernie Sanders wrote an essay in which a woman fantasizes about being ""raped by three men simultaneously."""	Bernie Sanders’ 1972 Essay on Rape
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-evil-billionaire	"U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders called businessman Robert F. Smith an ""evil billionaire"" and criticized him for donating money to graduating college students, rather than the federal government."	Did Bernie Sanders Say an ‘Evil Billionaire’ Should Donate Funds to Govt., Not Students?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-fdr-and-contested-conventions	Bernie Sanders was forced to endorse Hillary Clinton under DNC rules, but can go on to win a contested convention like FDR (who also endorsed his opponent before winning).	Bernie Sanders, FDR, and Contested Conventions
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-flies-coach	Bernie Sanders flies coach while traveling for his presidential campaign.	Bernie Sanders Flies Coach?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-forever-stamps	"The United States Postal Service issued a ""forever stamp"" featuring Bernie Sanders."	USPS Did Not Issue Bernie Sanders Forever Stamps
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-glow-sticks	A meme offers instructions for creating harmless homemade glow sticks.	‘Bernie Sanders Glowstick’ Instructions Make Bombs, Not Glow Sticks
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-honeymoon-russia	U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders honeymooned in the Soviet Union during the height of the Cold War.	Did Bernie Sanders ‘Honeymoon’ in Soviet Russia?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-institutional-racism	Bernie Sanders said that white people don't know what it is like to be poor.	Bernie Sanders on Institutional Racism
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-iran-hostage-crisis	During the Iran hostage crisis, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders expressed support for the Iranian regime of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.	Did Bernie Sanders Express Support for Iran During ’79 Hostage Crisis?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-isis	U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders vowed to round up remaining members of ISIS and allow them to vote.	Did Bernie Sanders Vow to Round Up Remaining ISIS Members, Allow Them to Vote?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-jersey-ballot	Bernie Sanders isn't on the New Jersey primary ballot.	Is Bernie Sanders Not on the New Jersey Ballot?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-leaves-the-democratic-party	Sen. Bernie Sanders left the Democratic Party during the DNC (possibly as part of the #Demexit protest).	Did Bernie Sanders Leave the Democratic Party?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-loser-meme	A meme accurately describes the arc of Bernie Sanders' (financial) life.	Bernie Sanders: A Loser’s Life?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-meme-charity	In January 2021, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders raised money for Vermont charities by selling apparel featuring a photograph of himself from Inauguration Day.	Did Bernie Sanders Sell Meme Sweatshirts To Raise Funds for Charities?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-napping-memorial-day	Bernie Sanders was photographed napping at a Memorial Day ceremony in 2016.	Bernie Sanders Naps at Memorial Day Event
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-parents-holocaust	Bernie Sanders' parents were Holocaust survivors.	Were Bernie Sanders’ Parents Holocaust Survivors?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-plans-to-tax-churches	Bernie Sanders wants to tax churches at a rate of 90 percent.	Bernie Sanders Plans to Tax Churches?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-rally-california	Image shows a massive Bernie Sanders rally in California.	Huge Bernie Sanders Rally in California
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-responds-to-critical-trump-tweet	Bernie Sanders tweeted a scathing retort to Donald Trump after the latter accused the former's supporters of inciting violence at Trump rallies.	Bernie Sanders Responds to Critical Trump Tweet
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-rigged-unendorse	"Sen. Bernie Sanders said the election was ""rigged"" and ""unendorsed"" Hillary Clinton"	Bernie Sanders Suggests Election Is Rigged, Unendorses Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-rocky-horror	A photograph shows Bernie and Jane Sanders at an LGBT march in 1975.	Photograph Doesn’t Show Bernie and Jane Sanders at an LGBT March
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-scarlet-cross	"Senator Bernie Sanders proposed a bill requiring all Christians who hold public office to wear a scarlet cross identifying them as ""hateful bigots."""	Did Bernie Sanders Propose a Bill Forcing Christian Office Holders to Wear a Scarlet Cross?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-sierra-blanca-nuclear-waste	"Sen. Bernie Sanders once supported a proposal to ""dump nuclear waste"" in the ""poor Latino community"" of Sierra Blanca, Texas."	Did Bernie Sanders Support Dumping Nuclear Waste in a ‘Poor Latino Community’?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-site-blocked-military-bases	Access to web sites operated by the campaign of candidate Bernie Sanders is blocked on some military bases.	Bernie Sanders’ Site Blocked on Military Bases?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-ss-tattoo	"Backers of Bernie Sanders have obtained Nazi SS ""lightning bolt"" tattoos to show support for the Democratic presidential candidate."	Did Bernie Sanders Supporters Get SS Tattoos?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-throwing-eggs	A photograph shows Bernie Sanders being arrested for throwing eggs at civil rights protesters.	Was Bernie Sanders Arrested for Throwing Eggs at Civil Rights Protesters?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-told-supporters-hed-never-tell-them-how-to-vote	Bernie Sanders informed his supporters that he'd never tell them whom to vote for, and that if he did they shouldn't listen to him.	Bernie Sanders: ‘I’d Never Tell My Supporters How to Vote’
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-truck-ban	Bernie Sanders plans on banning trucks in the United States.	Bernie Sanders Isn’t Planning to Ban Trucks in the United States
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-trump-shirts	"U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders was tricked into taking a photograph with two people wearing ""Trump 2020"" shirts."	Was Bernie Sanders Tricked into Posing with Trump Supporters?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-unpaid-interns	Bernie Sanders is one of the few 2016 presidential candidates (if not the only one) to pay his campaign interns.	Is Bernie Sanders the Only Presidential Candidate to Pay His Interns?
vclaim-sno-bernie-sanders-won-nevada	A month after Hillary Clinton was declared the winner of Nevada's caucuses, Bernie Sanders retroactively collected more delegates to win the state.	Bernie Sanders Won Nevada?
vclaim-sno-bernie-supporters-map	A video clip shows supporters of U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders failing to identify a single country on an unlabeled world map.	Does Video Show Bernie Supporters Unable to Identify One Country on a Map?
vclaim-sno-bernie-trump-debate	After Hillary Clinton refused to participate in a final debate, GOP candidate Donald Trump agreed to debate Democrat challenger Bernie Sanders.	Sanders-Trump Debate?
vclaim-sno-bert-is-evil	Bert, the Sesame Street muppet, appeared on posters carried by supporters of Osama bin Laden.	Was Sesame Street’s Bert Displayed with Osama bin Laden on Pro-Taliban Posters?
vclaim-sno-bertolli-olive-oil-coupon	An Internet-circulated coupon is good for a free bottle of Bertolli Olive Oil of up to	Bertolli Olive Oil Coupon
vclaim-sno-best-bathroom-in-america	A self-cleaning public bathroom, which reportedly came at a price tag of more than $300,000, was awarded “America’s Best Restroom” in November 2020.	Was This $300K Bathroom Voted Best in America?
vclaim-sno-best-buy-gift-card-scam	Best Buy is distributing free $1,000 gift cards to users who click an online link.	Free $1,000 Best Buy Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-beth-chapman-passed-away	Beth Chapman, wife of Duane “Dog” Chapman from the reality TV show “Dog the Bounty Hunter,” died in April 2019.	Outdated: Beth Chapman Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-bethenny-frankel-meghan-markle	On the morning of March 7, 2021 — hours before CBS aired an interview featuring Oprah, Prince Harry, and Meghan Markle — reality TV star Bethenny Frankel used Twitter to mock sympathetic sentiments toward the Duchess of Sussex.	Did Reality TV Star Bethenny Frankel Say This About Meghan Markle?
vclaim-sno-beto-o-rourke-campaign-funds-migrants	Undercover video footage shows that Beto O'Rourke campaign staff illegally used campaign resources to provide food, supplies and transportation to Central American migrants.	Did Beto O’Rourke’s Staff Use Campaign Money to Help Migrants in El Paso?
vclaim-sno-beto-o-rourke-pee-in-pants	A photograph shows 2020 U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke in urine-stained pants.	Is This a Photo of Beto O’Rourke After He Peed His Pants?
vclaim-sno-beto-orourke-el-paso-pussycats	Beto O'Rourke was in a band called the El Paso Pussycats and was arrested at least twice in the 1990s.	Was Beto O’Rourke Arrested Twice and Part of a Band Called El Paso Pussycats?
vclaim-sno-beto-orourke-pride-parade-photo	"A photograph shows Beto O'Rourke with words such as ""feminist,"" ""vegan,"" ""atheist,"" and ""queer"" painted on his body."	Is This Beto O’Rourke with the Words ‘Feminist’ and ‘Vegan’ Painted on His Body?
vclaim-sno-beto-orourke-reality-check	Claims made in a widely-shared 2018 meme about the personal and family history of Congressman Beto O'Rourke are accurate.	Beto O’Rourke’s ‘Reality Check’
vclaim-sno-beto-security-detail-nerf-guns	Democratic presidential candidate Beto O'Rourke's security detail will only use NERF guns for the remainder of the 2020 campaign.	Will Beto O’Rourke’s Security Detail Only Use NERF Guns From Now On?
vclaim-sno-beto-veterans-elderly-trash-garbage	"U.S. Representative Beto O'Rourke once said he would like to throw elderly people and wounded veterans ""in the garbage."""	Did Beto O’Rourke Say Old People and Wounded Veterans Should Be ‘Thrown in the Trash’?
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-america-tweet	"Betsy DeVos miscounted the number of words in a poorly-worded ""#AmericaIn3Words"" tweet."	Did Betsy DeVos Tweet ‘It’s Is My Favorite Country’ About America?
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-demand-classroom-globes-flattened	Education Secretary Betsy DeVos ordered that all classroom globes be flattened.	Did Betsy DeVos Demand That Classroom Globes Be Flattened?
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-education-secretary	Donald Trump's nominee for Secretary of Education, billionaire Betsy DeVos, has no education degree or teaching experience, has never attended a public school or sent her children to one, and supports the funding of for-profit Christian schools over public ones; she got the job because she donated $9.5 million to Trump's campaign.	Meet Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Secretary of Education Nominee
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-history-textbooks-bible	"Newly installed U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos stipulated that ""all history books will contain only the information that can also be found in the Christian Bible."""	Did Betsy DeVos Say History Textbooks Should Be Based on the Bible?
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-special-olympics	In March 2019, U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos proposed eliminating a near-$18 million grant for Special Olympics programs.	Did U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos Announce Plans to Cut $18 Million in Funding for the Special Olympics?
vclaim-sno-betsy-devos-yacht-cayman	Betsy DeVos owns a yacht called Seaquest, which she registered in the Cayman Islands to avoid U.S. taxes.	Did Education Secretary Betsy DeVos Register Her Yacht in the Cayman Islands?
vclaim-sno-betsy-ross-quaker-slavery-views	"Betsy Ross made the first American flag (or one of the first American flags), known as the ""Betsy Ross flag,"" and was a Quaker who opposed slavery."	Was Betsy Ross a Quaker Who Was Opposed to Slavery?
vclaim-sno-bette-davis-ad	Bette Davis landed her role in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? through placing an ad in a Hollywood publication seeking employment as an actress.	Bette Davis Landed Her Biggest Role After Posting an Ad in a Newspaper?
vclaim-sno-betty-white-death-hoax	Actress Betty White has died.	Betty White Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-betty-white-grow-some-balls	Actress Betty White uttered a witty rejoinder to the oft-used phrase 'Grow some balls.'	Betty White on ‘Grow Some Balls’
vclaim-sno-betty-white-in-her-20s-photo	Photographs show actress Betty White when she was in her 20s.	Are These Photographs of a Young Betty White?
vclaim-sno-betty-white-older-sliced-bread	Actor Betty White was born before the invention of a commercial bread-slicing machine.	Is Betty White Older Than Sliced Bread?
vclaim-sno-beware-billionaire-hunters-sign-real	"A photograph shows a ""Beware of Billionaire"" hunters sign in Thailand."	Is This ‘Beware of Billionaire’ Hunters Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-beware-of-artists-poster	"A ""Beware of Artists"" poster was issued by Sen. Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s."	Is a ‘Beware of Artists’ Poster from the McCarthy Era?
vclaim-sno-bewitched-curse	A curse doomed the cast of	‘Bewitched’ Curse
vclaim-sno-beyonc233-knowles-death-hoax	Singer Beyoncé Knowles was killed in a car crash.	Beyoncé Knowles Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-beyonce-endorse-trump	Beyoncé has endorsed U.S. President Donald Trump for reelection in 2020.	Did Beyoncé Endorse President Trump in 2020?
vclaim-sno-beyonce-is-italian	Music artist Beyoncé is really an Italian woman named Ann Marie Lastrassi.	Is Beyoncé an Italian Woman Named Ann Marie Lastrassi?
vclaim-sno-beyond-the-grave	A supposedly deceased Chicago woman was rescued after funeralgoers heard screams coming from her grave.	FALSE: Woman Buried Alive, Funeral Goers Hear Screams from the Grave
vclaim-sno-bible-belt	Gideons International sent 100,000 paperback Bibles to Nepal as a form of earthquake disaster relief.	Emergency Gideon Bibles Rushed to Nepal
vclaim-sno-bible-constitution-difference	A constitutional law professor quipped on the difference between the Bible and the Constitution during a debate over same-sex marriage.	The Difference Between the Bible and the Constitution
vclaim-sno-bible-found-bottom-ocean	A photograph shows an encrusted but readable Bible found at the bottom of the ocean.	Was This Bible Found at the Bottom of the Ocean?
vclaim-sno-bible-study	San Diego County officials barred a couple from holding Bible study sessions in their home without a “major land use” permit.	San Diego Bible Study
vclaim-sno-bible-thumper	"A video shows Pastor Eric Dammann bragging about punching a child for ""not taking the Lord serious."""	Did a Pastor Punch a Child for Not Taking God Seriously?
vclaim-sno-bibles-pulled-barnes-noble	Chain bookstore Barnes & Noble pulled Bibles from shelves because they contained the outdated idea that all humans are one race and made in the image of God.	Were Bibles Pulled From Shelves at Barnes and Noble?
vclaim-sno-bicycle-2000-year-old-temple	A 2,000-year-old carving of a figure riding a modern bicycle was found inside an ancient temple in India.	Was a Carving of a Modern Bicycle Found Inside an Ancient Temple?
vclaim-sno-bicycle-tree	A photograph shows a tree that grew around a bicycle left behind by a boy who went off to war.	Bicycle Tree
vclaim-sno-bidding-bounty	ABC paid Darren Wilson $500,000 for his interview with George Stephanopoulos.	ABC Paid Darren Wilson $500,000?
vclaim-sno-biden-120million-deaths-covid19	On June 25, 2020, at a campaign event in Pennsylvania, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden incorrectly said 120 million people had died of the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Did Biden Say 120 Million People Had Died from COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-biden-150-million-gun-deaths	"Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden said during a debate that ""150 million people have been killed [by guns] since 2007."""	Did Joe Biden Say 150 Million Americans Have Been Killed By Guns Since ’07?
vclaim-sno-biden-306-electoral-votes	President-elect Joe Biden won 306 Electoral College votes, the same total President Donald Trump won in 2016.	Do Biden’s 306 Electoral Votes Match Trump’s Total in 2016?
vclaim-sno-biden-401k-tax	Joe Biden's campaign has announced a planned policy of taxing 401(k) retirement accounts.	Has Biden Proposed Taxing 401(k) Plans?
vclaim-sno-biden-abolish-second-amendment	If elected, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden wants to abolish the Second Amendment, regarding the “right of the people to keep and bear Arms.”	Does Biden Want To Abolish the Second Amendment?
vclaim-sno-biden-abortion-exec-order	President Joe Biden signed an executive order in 2021 allowing the U.S. to fund abortions abroad.	Did Biden Sign an Executive Order Allowing the U.S. to Fund Abortions Abroad?
vclaim-sno-biden-accuser-photo	"A photograph shows Joe Biden with Tara Reade, a woman Biden claims he ""never met"" who has accused him of sexual assault."	Is This a Photograph of Biden with Tara Reade?
vclaim-sno-biden-admit-voter-fraud	In October 2020, Joe Biden admitted to perpetrating voter fraud.	Did Biden ‘Admit’ to Voter Fraud?
vclaim-sno-biden-aid-vietnam-refugees	In 1975, then-U.S. Sen. Joe Biden blocked aid to South Vietnam and did not allow admittance of Vietnamese refugees into the United States.	Did Biden Block Giving Aid and Admittance to Vietnamese Refugees in 1975?
vclaim-sno-biden-america-is-dead	"During a speech in Iowa, Joe Biden proclaimed that 'America is dead."""	Did Joe Biden Say ‘America Is Dead’?
vclaim-sno-biden-antifa-courageous-americans	"Joe Biden called antifa (anti-fascists) who clashed with white supremacists at a 2017 Charlottesville, Virginia, rally as ""courageous Americans."""	Did Joe Biden Call Antifa ‘Courageous’ Americans?
vclaim-sno-biden-appointees-immigrants	One-third of U.S. President Joe Biden's appointees, as of Jan. 20, 2021, were first- or second-generation immigrants.	Do 1 in 3 Biden Appointees Have an Immigrant Background?
vclaim-sno-biden-arrested-south-africa	During a visit to South Africa in the 1970s, then-U.S. Sen. Joe Biden was arrested while attempting to visit Nelson Mandela in prison.	Was Joe Biden Arrested in South Africa in the 1970s?
vclaim-sno-biden-ban-fracking	In the 2020 presidential election, Democratic candidate Joe Biden's policy on fracking was to ban it outright.	Did Biden Propose a Ban on Fracking?
vclaim-sno-biden-bans-china-virus	U.S. President Joe Biden issued an executive order in January 2021 banning any use of the term “China virus.”	Did Biden Ban Saying ‘China Virus’ With Executive Order?
vclaim-sno-biden-biggest-tax-increase	During his 2020 presidential campaign, Democratic nominee Joe Biden proposed the largest tax increase in modern U.S. history.	Is Biden Proposing ‘Biggest’ Tax Increase in US History?
vclaim-sno-biden-black-athletes-green-mile	In a Nov. 3, 2020 interview with reporters in Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden likened his experiences playing ball with Black athletes to Stephen King’s Green Mile.	Did Biden Liken Playing Ball with Black Athletes to ‘The Green Mile’?
vclaim-sno-biden-black-man-invented-lightbulb	A Black man invented the lightbulb, not “a white guy named Edison,” according to presidential candidate Joe Biden in September 2020.	Did a Black Man Invent the Lightbulb, As Joe Biden Claimed?
vclaim-sno-biden-blames-lazy-american-women	"Vice President Joe Biden said in a speech that ""lazy American women"" brought about the downfall of the economy because they ""sit around on their behinds, doing nothing."""	Biden Blames ‘Lazy American Women’ for the Economy?
vclaim-sno-biden-boot-wrong-foot-forgot	"Photographs prove that U.S. President-elect Biden put an orthopedic boot on the ""wrong foot"" in December 2020, accidentally ""revealing"" that his fractured foot was a ruse."	Did Biden Wear His Walking Boot on the Wrong Foot?
vclaim-sno-biden-botched-pledge	Joe Biden 'botched' his recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance during a September 2020 campaign speech.	Did Joe Biden ‘Botch’ the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-biden-break-obamas-vote-record	U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden broke the record for most votes cast in a presidential election, surpassing a record set by Barack Obama in 2008.	Did Biden Break Obama’s Popular Vote Record?
vclaim-sno-biden-bury-a-dog-on-stage	U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden buried a dog after it wandered on stage during a campaign rally.	No, Joe Biden Didn’t Bury a Dog on Stage at a Campaign Rally
vclaim-sno-biden-campaign-remove-flag	Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's 2020 presidential campaign forced the staff of an Iowa public library to remove an American flag.	Did Biden’s Campaign Demand an American Flag Be Removed from a Library?
vclaim-sno-biden-cancer-charity	The Biden Cancer Initiative spent millions on salaries but nothing on cancer research.	Did Biden’s Cancer Charity Spend Millions on Salaries and Nothing on Research?
vclaim-sno-biden-child-porn-shock-australia	"A story with the headline ""Biden 'Child Porn' Shock"" was ""front page news"" in Australia."	Was This ‘Biden Child Porn’ Story ‘Front Page News’ in Australia?
vclaim-sno-biden-chinese-bodyguard	U.S. President Joe Biden's lead secret service agent is Chinese.	Does Biden Have A ‘Chinese Bodyguard’?
vclaim-sno-biden-christians-lgbtq-rights	"Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said, ""Christians violate LGBTQ rights by simply existing."""	Did Biden Say ‘Christians Violate LGBTQ Rights by Simply Existing’?
vclaim-sno-biden-coca-cola-tweet	"U.S. President Joe Biden posted a message on Twitter saying he was ""proud to see Coca-Cola educate their staff in cultural reappropriation."""	Did Biden Tweet About Coca-Cola’s Diversity Training?
vclaim-sno-biden-communion-abortion	In October 2019, the Rev. Robert Morey of St. Anthony's parish in Florence, South Carolina, refused former Vice President Joe Biden the Catholic rite of communion.	Did a Catholic Priest Refuse to Give Joe Biden Communion?
vclaim-sno-biden-constitutional-law-teach	Democratic U.S. presidential nominee Joe Biden taught constitutional law for 21 years.	Did Biden Teach Constitutional Law for 21 Years?
vclaim-sno-biden-covid-vaccine-2	On Feb. 16, 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden falsely claimed a COVID-19 vaccine did not exist when he began his term.	Did Biden Claim There Was No COVID-19 Vaccine When He Came Into Office?
vclaim-sno-biden-covid-vaccine	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden said he will get the COVID-19 vaccination in public on television.	Did Biden Say He Would Take the COVID-19 Vaccine in Public on TV?
vclaim-sno-biden-daughter-photo	A photograph captures Joe Biden posting inappropriately with a young girl.	Does This Photo Show Biden Posing Inappropriately with a Young Girl?
vclaim-sno-biden-defund-veterans	U.S. President Joe Biden announced plans to defund the Department of Veteran Affairs.	Did Biden Announce Plans to Defund Veteran Affairs?
vclaim-sno-biden-department-of-energy-block-texas-power	The U.S. Department of Energy blocked a request from Texas officials to suspend environmental obligations in order to maximize power generation during a February 2021 winter storm.	Did Biden’s Dept. of Energy Block Texas from Increasing Power Before Storm?
vclaim-sno-biden-discomforting-photo	A photograph shows Joe Biden acting in a 'discomforting' manner with a young boy.	Is This a ‘Discomforting’ Photograph of Joe Biden with a Boy?
vclaim-sno-biden-dog-major-indoguration	The Delaware Humane Association dog shelter is celebrating Major’s ascension to first dog ahead of U.S. President Joe Biden's inauguration with a virtual “Indoguration” party and fundraiser on Jan. 17, 2021.	Will Biden’s Dog Get an ‘Indoguration’ Party?
vclaim-sno-biden-dogs-kicked-out-white-house	In early March 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden's two dogs were sent to their family home in Delaware because the youngest dog, Major, bit someone at the White House.	Were Biden’s Dogs Kicked Out of White House Due to Aggressive Behavior?
vclaim-sno-biden-dogs-trump-chew-toy	"In December 2020, President-elect Joe Biden, or an official social media account for his dogs Champ and Major, posted pictures of the dogs biting and playing with a ""Donald Trump"" chew toy."	Did Biden Post Pictures of His Dogs Biting a Trump Chew Toy?
vclaim-sno-biden-endorses-romney-for-president	Joe Biden has endorsed Mitt Romney for President.	Biden Endorses Romney for President
vclaim-sno-biden-energy-independence	"After only 10 days in office, Joe Biden sent the United States ""back 50 years"" on its progress toward energy independence."	Did Biden Set US ‘Back 50 Years’ on Energy Independence Progress?
vclaim-sno-biden-executive-order-dictator	When he was still a candidate for the presidency in October 2020, U.S. President Joe Biden said, “You can’t legislate by executive order unless you’re a dictator.”	No, Biden Didn’t Say ‘You Can’t Legislate by Executive Order Unless You’re a Dictator’
vclaim-sno-biden-fail-cognitive-test	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden failed an initial cognitive intelligence test for the presidency.	Did Biden Fail an ‘Initial Cognitive Intelligence Test’ for Presidency?
vclaim-sno-biden-fail-condemn-antifa	As of Sept. 29, 2020, Joe Biden had not condemned antifa.	Has Biden Failed to Condemn Antifa?
vclaim-sno-biden-fake-air-force-one	On Joe Biden's first trip home to Delaware as President, the plane he flew was not Air Force One, proving Donald Trump remains President.	Does Biden’s “Fake Air Force One” Prove He Is Not Really President?
vclaim-sno-biden-fall-asleep-during-interview	A video shows 2020 U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden falling asleep during a live television interview.	Does This Video Show Biden Falling Asleep in an Interview?
vclaim-sno-biden-faux-campaign-website	The website joebiden.info is Joe Biden's official 2020 presidential campaign site.	Joe Biden Campaign Trolled with Parody Biden2020 Website
vclaim-sno-biden-forgot-defense-secretary	U.S. President Joe Biden forgot the name of his defense secretary during a speech.	Did Biden Forget Defense Secretary Austin’s Name?
vclaim-sno-biden-fraud-ballots-count	President-elect Joe Biden's campaign directed elections officials to consider ballots valid even if they are fake, manipulated, or cast by ineligible or deceased voters.	Does Biden Want Fraudulent Ballots To Count in the 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-biden-from-scranton-the-office	U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	Is Biden From the Same Scranton as ‘The Office’?
vclaim-sno-biden-guantamano-bay-vaccine	U.S. President Joe Biden rolled out a plan to administer COVID-19 immunizations to detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp in Cuba before many Americans had received their first dose.	Did Biden Give Gitmo Prisoners COVID-19 Vaccines Before Americans?
vclaim-sno-biden-harris-burning-flag	A photograph shows Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Joe Biden and running mate Sen. Kamala Harris sitting near a burning American flag.	Is This Biden and Harris in Front of a Burning Flag?
vclaim-sno-biden-harris-crowd-face-mask	An image collage shows former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Kamala Harris without masks in August 2020, suggesting they were flouting public health guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is This a Picture of Biden and Harris in a Crowd Without Face Masks?
vclaim-sno-biden-harris-disease-disagreed	"Regarding what he would do if he disagreed with Vice President-elect Kamala Harris, U.S. President-elect Joe Biden said: “Like I told Barack, if I reach something where there’s a fundamental disagreement we have based on a moral principle, I’ll develop some disease and say I have to resign."""	Did Biden Say He’d ‘Develop Some Disease’ and Resign If He and Harris Disagreed?
vclaim-sno-biden-hat-trump-maga	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden’s hat answers Donald Trump’s campaign slogan “Make America Great Again” with the phrase, “We Just Did.”	Was Biden’s Hat a Response to Trump’s MAGA Slogan?
vclaim-sno-biden-houston-and-michigan	"Joe Biden incorrectly referred to the locations of massacres in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, in early August 2019 as having happened in ""Houston"" and ""Michigan."""	Did Joe Biden Say the Mass Shootings in El Paso and Dayton Happened in ‘Houston’ and ‘Michigan’?
vclaim-sno-biden-immigrants-already-citizens	Vice President Joe Biden said that illegal immigrants are “already American citizens” to him.	Did Joe Biden Say He Believes Illegal Immigrants Are “Already American Citizens”?
vclaim-sno-biden-inaugural-speech	On Jan. 20, 2021, former U.S. President Bill Clinton dozed off during President Joe Biden's inaugural address.	Did Bill Clinton Fall Asleep During Biden’s Inaugural Address?
vclaim-sno-biden-indian-americans	"On March 4, 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden made the comment that Indian Americans are ""taking over the country."""	Did Biden Say Indian Americans Are ‘Taking Over’ the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-biden-insulin-epipen	In the first days of his 2021 term, U.S. President Joe Biden temporarily froze a federal rule initiated by former President Donald Trump aimed at lowering insulin and EpiPen prices.	Did Biden Temporarily Freeze Trump Rule Lowering Insulin, EpiPen Prices?
vclaim-sno-biden-jerome-powell	"Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden participated in a ""blackface skit"" at a 1985 fundraiser."	No, Joe Biden Didn’t Introduce Man in Blackface at 1985 Fundraiser
vclaim-sno-biden-kenosha-black-looting	"Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden tweeted that there was less looting in Kenosha, Wisconsin, because the area had ""fewer Black people."""	Did Biden Tweet ‘Fewer Black People’ in Kenosha Resulted in Less Looting?
vclaim-sno-biden-keystone-pipeline-find-a-job	"A screenshot taken from TV coverage of a White House news conference displays a chyron accurately stating that the Biden administration had told pipeline workers, ""You can find another job."""	Did Biden Admin Tell Keystone Pipeline Workers ‘Find Another Job’?
vclaim-sno-biden-kiss-15-year-old	A photograph shows Joe Biden kissing a 15-year-old girl on the lips.	Does This Photo Show Biden Kissing a 15-Year-Old Girl?
vclaim-sno-biden-kissing-girl	An image shows Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden kissing a young girl.	Is This Joe Biden Kissing a Young Girl?
vclaim-sno-biden-kkk-klan-wizard	A photograph shared on social media in June 2019 showed former Vice President Joe Biden with the Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.	Does This Photo Show Joe Biden with the ‘Grand Wizard of the KKK’?
vclaim-sno-biden-kneel-national-anthem	"An image shared widely in October 2020 showed Joe Biden ""taking a knee"" in protest, during the playing of the national anthem."	Did Biden Kneel in Protest During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-biden-lie-wife-killed-drunk-driver	Joe Biden lied in claiming that the accident that killed his wife and daughter involved a driver who had been drinking.	Did Joe Biden Lie About a Drunken Driver’s Killing His Wife?
vclaim-sno-biden-major-dog-rescue-white-house	President-elect Joe Biden’s German shepherd, Major, will be the first rescue dog to reside at the White House.	Will Biden’s Dog Major Be the First Rescue Dog in the White House?
vclaim-sno-biden-mansion-tweet	A photograph shows a mansion currently owned by former U.S. Senator and Vice President Joe Biden.	Is This a Photograph of Joe Biden’s House?
vclaim-sno-biden-mask-plane	A photograph shows 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden on a plane without a mask during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is Pic of Joe Biden on a Plane Without a Mask in 2020 Real?
vclaim-sno-biden-maskless-birthday-video	A video showed President-elect Joe Biden celebrating his birthday with a maskless group of people in 2020.	Does a Video Show a Maskless Biden Birthday Celebration in 2020?
vclaim-sno-biden-meeting-no-masks	A photograph captures Joe Biden meeting with several government officials in September 2020, with none of those present wearing masks.	Does This Photo Show Biden Meeting Government Officials Without Masks?
vclaim-sno-biden-military-deaths-covid	"While at a Michigan campaign event in September 2020, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden incorrectly stated that there had been 6,114 ""military COVID deaths"" and 118,984 ""military COVID [infections]."" There had been only seven."	Did Biden Claim 6,114 Military COVID-19 Deaths When There Were 7?
vclaim-sno-biden-minorities-vaccines	President Joe Biden said that minorities don't know how to register online for vaccines.	Did Biden Say Minorities Don’t Know How To Register Online for Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-biden-muslim-ad	"In summer 2020, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden's campaign released a so-called ""Muslim ad"" courting Muslim voters."	Is This ‘Biden Muslim Ad’ Real?
vclaim-sno-biden-n-word-senate	Joe Biden used racial slurs in referring to Black people during a Senate committee hearing in 1985.	Did Biden Use Racial Slurs in the Senate?
vclaim-sno-biden-nephew	President-elect Joe Biden's nephew owns Dominion Voting Systems.	No, Joe Biden’s Nephew Doesn’t Own Dominion Voting Systems
vclaim-sno-biden-official-arrested-texas	"A ""Biden election official"" was arrested for widespread election fraud in Texas in January 2021."	Was a ‘Biden Election Official’ Arrested for Election Fraud in Texas?
vclaim-sno-biden-or-trump-female-press-team	The Biden administration will have the first senior White House communications team entirely composed of women.	Biden or Trump: Who Had All-Women Press Team First?
vclaim-sno-biden-ossoff-warnock-checks-2000	"In late December 2020 and early January 2021, President-elect Joe Biden and Georgia U.S. Senate candidates Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock misled the public with claims that winning both Georgia races would allow the immediate passage of ""$2,000 checks"" for COVID-19 relief."	Did Biden, Ossoff, and Warnock Mislead Public With Promise of ‘$2000 Checks’?
vclaim-sno-biden-owned-stocks-bonds	Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has never owned a stock or bond, and has never had a savings account.	Has Biden Never Owned Stocks, Bonds, or a Savings Account?
vclaim-sno-biden-pandemic-black-women-grocery	"U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said that Americans were able to stay home during the COVID-19 pandemic because ""some Black woman was able to stack the grocery shelf."""	Did Biden Say Americans Could Stay Home During Pandemic Because ‘Some Black Woman’ Stocked Grocery Shelves?
vclaim-sno-biden-pandemic-statement	A meme reproduces a statement Joe Biden made during an interview about continuing democracy during the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Biden Make This Statement About Democracy During a Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-biden-pardon-blm-protesters	U.S. President Joe Biden pardoned 2,617 Black Lives Matter protesters.	Did Biden Pardon 2,617 BLM Protesters?
vclaim-sno-biden-poor-kids-white-kids	U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden asserted during a speech that “poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.”	Did Biden Say Poor Kids Are ‘Just as Talented as White Kids’?
vclaim-sno-biden-president-elect-office	"U.S. President-elect Joe Biden created the ""Office of the President Elect"" to convince Americans the 2020 elections results were final when they weren't."	Did Biden Create ‘Office of the President Elect’ To Undermine Trump?
vclaim-sno-biden-promise-fewer-fires-floods	While on the campaign trail in September 2020, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden promised fewer fires, floods, and hurricanes if he wins the election in November.	Did Biden Promise ‘Fewer Fires, Floods, and Hurricanes’ If Elected?
vclaim-sno-biden-property-tax-3	Joe Biden's tax plan includes a 3% federal property tax on privately-owned homes.	Is Biden Proposing a 3% Federal Property Tax?
vclaim-sno-biden-racial-jungle-quote	"Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden once said he didn't want his kids to grow up in a ""racial jungle"" in regards to desegregation."	Did Joe Biden Say He Didn’t Want His Kids Growing Up in a ‘Racial Jungle’?
vclaim-sno-biden-reopen-schools	President-elect Joe Biden announced that he planned to reopen in-person learning in public schools in January 2021.	Did Biden Say Schools Would Reopen in January 2021?
vclaim-sno-biden-rolex-beau	U.S. President Joe Biden wore a Rolex that once belonged to his late son Beau.	Did Biden’s Rolex Belong to Late Son Beau?
vclaim-sno-biden-russian-flag	The Biden administration displayed the Russian flag on the National Mall ahead of Inauguration Day in 2021.	Did the Biden Administration Display the Russian Flag?
vclaim-sno-biden-says-dui-not-felony	Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he doesn't consider drunken driving a felony.	Did Joe Biden Say He Doesn’t Count Drunken Driving as a Felony?
vclaim-sno-biden-second-amendment-obsolete	"Joe Biden declared that the Second Amendment is ""obsolete."""	Did Biden Say the Second Amendment Is ‘Obsolete’?
vclaim-sno-biden-section-8	Democratic U.S. presidential nominee Joe Biden said that he grew up in section 8 housing during a town hall debate.	Did Biden Say He Grew Up in Section 8 Housing?
vclaim-sno-biden-seuss-read-across-america	"U.S. President Joe Biden ""erased"" Dr. Seuss from Read Across America Day."	Did Biden ‘Erase’ Dr. Seuss From Read Across America Day?
vclaim-sno-biden-shareholder-capitalism	Former U.S. Vice President and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden called for an end to shareholder capitalism in July 2020.	Did Biden Call for an ‘End to Shareholder Capitalism’?
vclaim-sno-biden-signing-blank-papers	"U.S President Joe Biden signed ""blank executive orders"" on Jan. 21, 2021, rendering those orders invalid."	Does Video Show Biden Signing Blank Executive Orders?
vclaim-sno-biden-staffers-bailout-fund	Campaign staffers for U.S. Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden contributed to a bailout fund for protesters arrested after the police in-custody death of George Floyd.	Did Biden Staffers Contribute to a Protester-Bailout Fund?
vclaim-sno-biden-stepped-up-capital-gains	"During the 2020 election, U.S. President Joe Biden called for eliminating the ""stepped-up"" basis for capital gains tax."	Did Biden Vow To Eliminate the ‘Stepped-Up’ Basis for Capital Gains Tax?
vclaim-sno-biden-tax-social-security-1983	During his time in the U.S. Senate, Joe Biden cast two votes 10 years apart — one of them the deciding vote — in favor of legislation that taxed Social Security income.	Did Biden Twice Vote To Tax Social Security While in the Senate?
vclaim-sno-biden-team-statement-dog	The staff of U.S. President-elect Joe Biden released a “statement” from Major, the first family’s adopted German shepherd, wishing his “adopted father” a “speedy recovery” from hairline fractures in his foot.	Did Biden’s Team Release a ‘Statement’ From His Dog?
vclaim-sno-biden-teleprompter-interview	"Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden was ""caught red-handed"" using a teleprompter during an interview with Telemundo."	Was Biden Caught Using a Teleprompter During an Interview?
vclaim-sno-biden-three-red-banners	The three red stripes on 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden's logo is a nod to the socialist policies of China.	Is Biden’s Logo a Reference to China’s ‘Three Red Banners’?
vclaim-sno-biden-transgender-athletes-sports	U.S. President Joe Biden’s January executive order commits to combatting discrimination that restricts transgender women athletes in schools from participating in women’s sports.	Did Biden’s Exec Order Say Schools Should Include Transgender Athletes in Girl’s Sports?
vclaim-sno-biden-transition-pentagon	"U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's transition team was ""removed"" from the Pentagon after leaking intelligence to the Chinese government."	No, Biden Transition Team Wasn’t ‘Removed’ from Pentagon for Leaking Intel to China
vclaim-sno-biden-troops-stupid-bastards	"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden disparaged U.S. troops as ""stupid bastards"" during a 2016 speech."	Did Biden Disparage Troops as ‘Stupid Bastards’?
vclaim-sno-biden-trump-dregs-society	"In a September 2018 speech, Joe Biden called Donald Trump's supporters ""the dregs of society."""	Did Biden Call Trump Supporters the ‘Dregs of Society’?
vclaim-sno-biden-trump-inauguration-crowd	The crowd at U.S. President Donald Trump's 2017 inauguration was larger than President Joe Biden's in 2021, proving Biden wasn't popular.	Was Biden’s Inauguration Crowd Smaller Than Trump’s?
vclaim-sno-biden-trump-xenophobic	"Democratic 2020 presidential nominee Joe Biden called U.S. President Donald Trump ""xenophobic."""	Did Biden Call Trump ‘Xenophobic’?
vclaim-sno-biden-tweet-pandemic	"Joe Biden tweeted several weeks before the COVID-19 outbreak began that ""We are not prepared for a pandemic."""	Did Biden Tweet ‘We Are Not Prepared for a Pandemic’ Before COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-biden-two-brain-aneurisms	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden has experienced two brain aneurisms, one of which required surgery.	Has Joe Biden Had 2 Brain Aneurisms?
vclaim-sno-biden-uncf-funding-copypasta	U.S. President Joe Biden revoked $250 million in funding for Historically Black Colleges and Universities pledged by former President Donald Trump.	Did Biden Revoke $250M That Trump Pledged to Historically Black Colleges?
vclaim-sno-biden-undocumented-healthcare	"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said U.S. taxpayers have an obligation to fund health care for 11 million ""illegal immigrants."""	Did Biden Say Taxpayers Must Fund Health Care for ‘Illegal Immigrants’?
vclaim-sno-biden-violate-mask-mandate	Hours after signing an executive order on Jan. 20, 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden violated his own mask mandate.	Did Biden Violate His Own Mask Mandate?
vclaim-sno-biden-wave-empty-field	A video shows 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden waving to an empty field after exiting a plane in Tampa, Florida.	Did Joe Biden Wave to an Empty Field?
vclaim-sno-biden-woman-gun-photo	A photograph captured Joe Biden posing menacingly with an elderly woman and a gun.	Does a Photograph Show Joe Biden Putting a Gun in a Woman’s Mouth?
vclaim-sno-biden-work-visas-trump	If 2020 Democratic candidate Joe Biden wins the presidential election in November, he would end suspensions on specific work visas, like the H-1B and J-1 visas, imposed by the Trump administration.	If Biden Wins, Would He Allow the Resumption of Work Visas Suspended By Trump?
vclaim-sno-bidens-golfing-burisma-head	"A photograph shows Joe and Hunter Biden golfing with the ""Ukraine oil exec paying Hunter $50 K a month."""	Is This Joe and Hunter Biden Golfing with the Head of Burisma?
vclaim-sno-bidens-win-lie-of-the-year	"U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's November 2020 election win is the ""lie of the year."""	Was Biden’s 2020 Election Win the ‘Lie of the Year’?
vclaim-sno-bieber-smackdown	Blake Griffin smacked around Justin Bieber at a Hollywood Starbucks outlet.	Blake Griffin Smacks Justin Bieber at Hollywood Starbucks
vclaim-sno-bieber-twitter	Pop star Justin Bieber has admitted on Twitter to being bisexual.	Did Justin Bieber Admit to Being Bisexual?
vclaim-sno-big-ang-of-mob-wives-died	'Mob Wives' personality Big Ang died of cancer.	Big Ang of ‘Mob Wives’ Died?
vclaim-sno-big-bird-cousins-different-colors	"Big Bird from ""Sesame Street"" has ""cousins"" around the world who are orange, blue, green, and yellow."	Is Big Bird from ‘Sesame Street’ Different Colors Worldwide?
vclaim-sno-big-dick-machine-gun-toy	"A vintage advertisement offered a ""Big Dick"" machine gun for boys."	Is This a Real Ad for a ‘Big Dick’ Machine Gun for Kids?
vclaim-sno-big-ears-barbie	Mattel’s new Hello Barbie toy will record and transmit children’s conversations.	'Hello Barbie' Eavesdropping Doll
vclaim-sno-big-gulp	A photograph shows a kayaker paddling across a humpback whale's huge open mouth.	The Kayak and the Whale
vclaim-sno-big-hemipene-energy	A newly discovered chameleon species in Madagascar may include the smallest mature male reptiles known to science, but they have disproportionately large genitalia.	Was a Tiny Chameleon with Huge Genitals Discovered in Madagascar?
vclaim-sno-big-lame-hunting	Photographs show female hunters posing with the bodies of giraffes they’ve killed.	Big Lame Hunting
vclaim-sno-big-lots-closing	Big Lots is closing all locations immediately.	Big Lots Closing?
vclaim-sno-big-nose-george-skin-shoes	"A photograph shows a pair of ""negro skin shoes."""	Does This Image Show ‘Negro Skin Shoes’?
vclaim-sno-big-oil	E-mail criticizes U.S. environmental regulations on the oil industry.	Big Oil
vclaim-sno-big-store-price-codes	'Secret lists' reveal price tag coding at Target and Costco stores.	Big Store Price Codes
vclaim-sno-bigfoot-captured-history-channel	The History Channel aired a documentary that showed a Bigfoot creature being captured.	Did the History Channel Document the Capture of a Bigfoot?
vclaim-sno-bigfoot-killed-in-san-antonio	Photograph shows a Bigfoot shot and killed by a hunter in	Bigfoot Killed in San Antonio?
vclaim-sno-bihn-label	Washing instruction tags on Tom Bihn bags carry a hidden message in French disparaging the president.	Do Tom Bihn Bags Carry a Hidden Message About the President?
vclaim-sno-bike-race	Photograph shows a car plowing into a group of cyclists.	Bike Race
vclaim-sno-bikers-for-trump-tattoos	"President Trump shared an image of a ""Bikers for Trump"" member with Nazi tattoos, one of those who visited him at his golf club in Bedminister."	Did President Trump Share a Photo of a ‘Bikers for Trump’ Member with a Nazi Tattoo?
vclaim-sno-bikers-kavanaugh-support-video	"A video shows the group ""Bikers for Trump"" on their way to Washington D.C. to support Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation hearing and demand the resignation of Sen. Feinsten."	Is This a Video of Bikers on Their Way to Washington to Support Brett Kavanaugh?
vclaim-sno-bikers-trump-praying-walter-reed	A video shows a group of bikers praying for U.S. President Donald Trump at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center.	Were These Bikers Praying for Trump at Walter Reed?
vclaim-sno-bilk-bone	A Purina employee was arrested and charged with theft for stealing and eating $30,000 worth of dog biscuits.	Purina Employee Arrested for Stealing and Eating Over $30,000 of Dog Biscuits
vclaim-sno-bill-602p	The U.S. Postal Service is going to impose a 5¢ surcharge on every	Email Surcharges
vclaim-sno-bill-and-melinda-gates-free-textbooks	Bill and Melinda Gates started a web site to give away free college textbooks.	Bill and Melinda Gates Are Giving Away Free College Textbooks?
vclaim-sno-bill-barr-dominion	U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr was appointed to serve on the board of a company that owns, operates, or is in some way related to Dominion Voting Systems.	Has Bill Barr Been Appointed to the Board of Dominion Voting Systems?
vclaim-sno-bill-barr-jeffrey-epstein-book	Donald Barr, father of U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr, hired Jeffrey Epstein as a teacher, served as his mentor, and wrote a novel about men raping teenage girls.	Did Bill Barr’s Father ‘Mentor’ Jeffrey Epstein and Write a ‘Bizarre’ Novel?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-allegations-disqualify	"Bill Clinton said that ""allegations of sexual misconduct should disqualify a man from public office."""	Did Bill Clinton Say ‘Allegations of Sexual Misconduct Should Disqualify a Man from Public Office?’
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-dying	President Bill Clinton is on his deathbed in Arkansas.	Is Bill Clinton on His Death Bed in Arkansas?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-expelled-from-oxford	Bill Clinton was expelled from Oxford University for raping a British classmate named Eileen Wellstone.	Bill Clinton Was Expelled from Oxford Over a Rape Incident?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-files-divorce	Former president Bill Clinton filed for divorce from former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in May 2017.	Did Bill Clinton File for Divorce ‘This Morning’?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-fined-and-disbarred-over-the-monica-lewinsky-scandal	Bill Clinton was disbarred and fined over actions related to the Monica Lewinsky scandal.	Bill Clinton was Fined, Disbarred Over the Monica Lewinsky Scandal
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-george-nader	A photograph shows former President Bill Clinton with convicted sex offender George Nader.	Is This a Picture of Bill Clinton with Convicted Sex Offender George Nader?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-hairgate	President Bill Clinton held up air traffic at Los Angeles International Airport in 1993 to get a $200 haircut on Air Force One.	Did Bill Clinton Hold Up LAX Air Traffic for a Haircut?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-illegitimate-son	Bill Clinton fathered an illegitimate, mixed-race son named Danney Williams with an Arkansas prostitute in 1985.	Does Bill Clinton Have an Illegitimate Son Named Danney Williams?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-impeachment-testimony	U.S. President Bill Clinton was forced to testify at his 1999 U.S. Senate impeachment trial.	Was Bill Clinton Forced to Testify at His Impeachment Trial?
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-in-the-nude	A photograph shows former president Bill Clinton sitting naked on a hotel bed.	Bill Clinton in the Nude
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-said-hillary-suffered-more-than-those-guys-in-benghazi	"Bill Clinton said that testifying at congressional hearings meant that ""Hillary suffered more than those guys in Benghazi."""	Bill Clinton Said Hillary Suffered More Than ‘Those Guys in Benghazi’
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-told-tony-blair-ham	Bill Clinton told Tony Blair that he likes to punch slabs of ham.	FALSE: Bill Clinton Told Tony Blair He Likes to Punch Slabs of Ham
vclaim-sno-bill-clinton-with-jeffrey-epstein	A photograph shows U.S. President Bill Clinton with billionaire/financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	Is This Bill Clinton with Jeffrey Epstein?
vclaim-sno-bill-cosby-suicide-hoax	Comedian Bill Cosby committed suicide after he was charged and convicted of sexual assault.	Bill Cosby Suicide Hoax
vclaim-sno-bill-cosbys-star-removed	"Photograph depicts the removal of Bill Cosby's Hollywood ""Walk of Fame"" Star."	Was Bill Cosby’s Hollywood Walk of Fame Star Removed?
vclaim-sno-bill-de-blasio-murder-groundhog	New York Mayor Bill de Blasio killed a groundhog on Groundhog Day.	Did Bill de Blasio Kill a Groundhog?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-5000-giveaway	Facebook users can receive a $5,000 cash reward from Bill Gates for clicking a share link.	Bill Gates $5,000 Giveaway
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-brief-cia-in-2005	A video shows Microsoft Co-Founder Bill Gates briefing the CIA in 2005 about a mind-altering vaccine.	Did Bill Gates Brief the CIA in 2005 About a Mind-Altering Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-george-story-quote	"Bill Gates is quoted in the February 1997 issue of George magazine as saying an ""over-populated planet"" would be ""choked to extinction by a lung-attacking virus."""	Did Bill Gates Tell George Magazine That an ‘Over-Populated Planet’ Would Fall to a ‘Lung-Attacking Virus’?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-id2020	"Bill Gates —  along with a coalition dubbed ""ID 2020"" — seeks to ""microchip"" the world population using a COVID-19 vaccine."	Are Bill Gates and the ID2020 Coalition Using COVID-19 To Build Global Surveillance State?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-india-sued	Bill Gates is being sued by India over the deaths of girls resulting from vaccinations.	Is Bill Gates Being Sued by India Over Vaccination Deaths?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-planned-parenthood	"Bill Gates' father ""ran"" Planned Parenthood and taught his son to spread the ""gospel of eugenics."""	Did Bill Gates’ Father ‘Run’ Planned Parenthood and Teach His Son to Spread the ‘Gospel’ of Eugenics?
vclaim-sno-bill-gates-vaccinations-depopulation	Bill Gates has openly admitted that vaccinations are designed so that governments can depopulate the world.	Did Bill Gates ‘Admit’ Vaccinations Are Designed So Governments Can ‘Depopulate’ the World?
vclaim-sno-bill-maher-and-michael-moore-snatched-donald-trumps-tax-returns	Bill Maher and Michael Moore sneaked onto Donald Trump's plane and stole his tax returns.	Did Bill Maher and Michael Moore Snatch Donald Trump’s Tax Returns?
vclaim-sno-bill-maher-recession-get-rid-trump	"Comedian and talk show host Bill Maher said he hopes an economic recession will occur because it's a way to get rid of President Trump."""	Did Bill Maher Say He Hopes for a Recession ‘to Get Rid of Trump’?
vclaim-sno-bill-maher-smokes-joint	Bill Maher smoked a joint during a live broadcast of 'Real Time with Bill Maher,' and the FCC imposed a hefty fine.	Bill Maher Smokes a Joint on ‘Real Time’?
vclaim-sno-bill-mitchell-tweet-55000-covid	"Right-wing commentator Bill Mitchell tweeted ""someone let me know"" when 55,000 Americans have died from COVID-19 coronavirus disease."	Did Bill Mitchell Tweet ‘Let Me Know’ When COVID-19 Kills 55,000?
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-death-notice	Actor-comedian Bill Murray died at age 81 in February 2019, expressing a wish to see ‘Americans united under Trump.’	Has Bill Murray Died at 81, Wanting to See ‘Americans United Under Trump’?
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-dog-quote	Bill Murray said that you can always trust a dog but not a human.	Bill Murray Didn’t Say You Can Always Trust a Dog but Not a Human
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-hunter-s-thompson-t-shirts	"Bill Murray and Hunter S. Thompson were photographed wearing shirts reading ""Buy Me Brunch"" and ""Polite as Fuck."""	Bill Murray and Hunter S. Thompson Wore Vulgar T-Shirts?
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-ice-cream-taxes	Actor Bill Murray said in order to teach children about taxes, eat their ice cream.	Did Bill Murray Recommend Eating Children’s Ice Cream to Teach About Taxes?
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-or-tom-hanks	A photograph shows actor Bill Murray and a crying baby.	Bill Murray or Tom Hanks?
vclaim-sno-bill-murray-run-president	"Comedian Bill Murray is running for president and proclaimed religion to be ""the worst enemy of mankind."""	Bill Murray Said ‘Religion Is the Worst Enemy of Mankind’
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-arrested-illegal-drugs	"TV host Bill Nye ""the Science Guy"" was arrested on suspicion of manufacturing and selling illegal drugs."	Was TV Host Bill Nye Arrested for Manufacturing and Selling Illegal Drugs?
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-blasts-todd-akin	Bill Nye “blasted” Rep. Todd Akin for accusing him of “personally provoking Hurricane Isaac.”	Bill Nye Blasts Todd Akin
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-extra-kids	Bill Nye proposed penalizing families with too many children to reduce population growth and slow climate change.	Did Bill Nye Say Parents Should Be Penalized for Having ‘Extra Kids’?
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-gender-chromosomes	"Bill Nye said that gender is determined ""by your chromosomes"" during an episode of ""Bill Nye the Science Guy."""	Did Bill Nye Say Gender is Determined ‘by Your Chromosomes?’
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-terbium	"Bill Nye tweeted to ask if a person was ""made of copper, nitrogen, terbium, and silver."""	Did Bill Nye Say We’re Made of ‘Copper, Nitrogen, Terbium and Silver’?
vclaim-sno-bill-nye-vs-dolph-lundgren	Action star Dolph Lundgren has multiple scientific degrees.	Does Dolph Lundgren Have Multiple Scientific Degrees?
vclaim-sno-bill-of-write-ins	E-mail reproduces comedian Bill Cosby’s platform as a	Bill Cosby’s Write-In Candidate Platform
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-and-megan-kelly-are-clinton-operatives	WikiLeaks revealed that Bill O'Reilly and Megyn Kelly are covert Hillary Clinton campaign operatives.	WikiLeaks Bombshell: Bill O’Reilly and Megan Kelly are Clinton Operatives
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-beaten	"Former Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was hospitalized in New York after being beaten by a group of ""liberals."""	Bill O’Reilly in Critical Condition After Being Attacked by ‘Tolerant’ Liberals?
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-coronavirus-essay	Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly wrote a viral essay claiming the COVID-19 pandemic was caused by a Chinese bioweapon.	Did Bill O’Reilly Write an Essay Calling COVID-19 a Chinese Bioweapon?
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-found-dead	Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly was found dead on Long Island.	Bill O’Reilly Found Dead at His Long Island Home?
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-lost-custody	Bill O'Reilly was denied custody of his children because he physically attacked their mother.	Bill O’Reilly Loses Custody Battle Due to Domestic Violence?
vclaim-sno-bill-oreilly-trump-poll	"Bill O'Reily hired ""university grad students"" to conduct a phone survey of 25,000 people about the presidential election."	Bill O’Reilly Telephone Poll of 25,000 Voters Shows Trump with a Huge Lead?
vclaim-sno-billing-error	New U.S. $5 and $10 bills contain  printing errors.	$5/$10 Bill Printing Errors
vclaim-sno-billionaire-steve-guoves-last-words	Billionaire Steve Gouves delivered an inspirational speech on his death bed.	Are These the Last Words of Billionaire Steve Gouves?
vclaim-sno-bills-introduced-by-republicans	Legislation introduced by Republicans during President Trump's first two months in office included bills to: terminate the Environmental Protection Agency; redistribute federal school funding via voucher programs; terminate the Dept. of Education; repeal a wildlife protection rule; repeal the Affordable Care Act; defund Planned Parenthood; establish a national right-to-work law; strip federal funds from sanctuary cities; criminalize abortion; and place new sanctions on Iran.	Bills Introduced by Republicans While We Were Distracted by the ‘Russian Spy Drama’
vclaim-sno-billy-goats-bluff	Students let loose a herd of livestock with an apparently missing member.	Billy Goats Bluff
vclaim-sno-billy-graham-mixing-religion-politics	"Rev. Billy Graham once said, ""The hard right has no interest in religion except to manipulate it."""	Did Billy Graham Warn Against Mixing Religion and Politics?
vclaim-sno-billy-graham-say-homosexuals-castrated	"Billy Graham said ""All homosexuals should be castrated."""	Did Billy Graham Say ‘All Homosexuals Should Be Castrated’?
vclaim-sno-billy-graham-statement-trump	The Reverend Billy Graham issued a surprising statement in support of Donald Trump.	Did Billy Graham Issue a Stunning Statement on Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-billy-graham	Evangelist Billy Graham placed full-page advertisements in U.S. newspapers regarding the 2012 election.	Billy Graham Political Advertisement
vclaim-sno-billy-grahams-daughter-9-11	"Billy Graham's daughter, Anne Graham Lotz, said 9/11 was ""God's punishment"" for trans people, evolution, and secularism."	Did Billy Graham’s Daughter Say 9/11 Was ‘God’s Punishment’ for Trans People, Evolution, and Secularism?
vclaim-sno-billy-joel-front-row	"Billy Joel does not sell seats for the first few rows of his concerts, preferring instead to distribute them to ""real fans"" who have bought cheaper tickets."	Does Billy Joel Give Away Front Row Seats for His Concerts, Rather Than Sell Them?
vclaim-sno-billy-ocean-death-hoax	Singer Billy Ocean passed away in October 2016.	Billy Ocean Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-bin-laden-singing-poker-face	"A video shows Osama bin Laden singing Lady Gaga's ""Poker Face."""	Is This Osama Bin Laden Singing Lady Gaga’s ‘Poker Face’?
vclaim-sno-binary-explosive	Video clip shows the manufacture and detonation of a home-made “binary explosive.”	Binary Explosive
vclaim-sno-binders-full-of-womens-condoms	Chicago Public Schools planned to teach “safe anal sex” and other sexually explicit topics to fourth or fifth graders.	Chicago Schools Are Teaching ‘Safe’ Anal Sex to Fifth Graders?
vclaim-sno-binghamton-university-offers-stop-white-people-course	"SUNY Binghamton is offering a ""Stop White People"" course."	Binghamton University Offers ‘Stop White People’ Course
vclaim-sno-biometric-passports	People traveling to the United States under the Visa Waiver Program could be turned away due to new requirements involving biometric passports, or ePassports.	Biometric Passports
vclaim-sno-biplane-buzz-beach-1911	A photograph shows a biplane buzzing a Los Angeles beach in 1911.	Did a Biplane Buzz a Los Angeles Beach in 1911?
vclaim-sno-bird-foot-exam	A student who was dissatisfied with her visual biology exam showed up her professor by responding with a zinger and a visual of her own.	The Tale of the Bird Foot Exam
vclaim-sno-bird-in-the-hand	President Bush posed with a plastic turkey while visiting U.S. troops in Iraq on Thanksgiving in 2003.	Did President Bush Pose with a Plastic Turkey?
vclaim-sno-bird-shot	Photographs show damage to an airplane caused by a mid-air collision with a goose.	Bird Shot
vclaim-sno-birdnapped	A child successfully smuggled a penguin out of an amusement park by concealing the creature in his backpack.	Child Abducts Penguin in Backpack?
vclaim-sno-birds-in-house-bad-luck	A wild bird flying into one's house is a portent of ill luck, possibly even death.	Are Birds Flying into Your House Bad Luck?
vclaim-sno-birdwatcher-oregon-militia	An elderly birdwatcher had a physical altercation with an Oregon militant at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.	FALSE: 79-Year-Old Bird Watcher Takes Down Oregon Militant
vclaim-sno-birmingham-caught-voting-multiple-times	Black voters in Birmingham were caught voting multiple times in thousands of cases during Alabama's special election on 12 December 2017.	Were ‘Black People in Birmingham’ Caught Voting Multiple Times With Fake IDs?
vclaim-sno-birth-certificate	Barack Obama's birth certificate is a forgery.	Is Barack Obama’s Birth Certificate Fake?
vclaim-sno-birth-certificates-financial-accounts	"Americans can use their birth certificates to access secret ""strawman"" funds."	Can U.S. Birth Certificates Unlock Hidden ‘Strawman’ Financial Accounts?
vclaim-sno-birth-control-steve-bannon	"Donald Trump's campaign chief Steve Bannon said that injectable birth control makes women fat and prevents them from getting ""man meat"" injections."	Steve Bannon’s Vulgar Quote About Birth Control?
vclaim-sno-birth-of-an-island	Photographs taken from a yacht show the formation of an island via a volcanic eruption at sea.	The Maiken and the Birth of an Island
vclaim-sno-birth-rite	Ronald Reagan would have been unable to vote under current voter ID laws until 1991.	Ronald Reagan Couldn’t Vote Until 1991?
vclaim-sno-birth-sign	Photograph shows a “Welcome to Kenya” sign identifying that country as the birthplace of Barack Obama.	Welcome to Kenya, Birthplace of Barack Obama
vclaim-sno-birthday-of-jesus	The day celebrated as Christmas (December 25) is the actual birthday of Jesus.	Birthday of Jesus
vclaim-sno-birthday-of-reckoning	Actor Humphrey Bogart was born on Christmas Day.	Was Humphrey Bogart Born on Christmas Day?
vclaim-sno-birthing-pains	Kenyan authorities have released papers confirming President Barack Obama’s birth in that country.	Kenyan Government Releases Obama’s Real Birth Certificate
vclaim-sno-bison-calf-euthanized-yellowstone	A bison calf was euthanized at Yellowstone National Park after well-meaning tourists put it in their car to keep it warm.	Bison Calf Euthanized After ‘Rescue’ by Yellowstone Tourists
vclaim-sno-bite-the-wax-tadpole	"Coca-Cola's initial transliteration of its name into Chinese produced a rendering whose meaning was ""bite the wax tadpole."""	Bite the Wax Tadpole
vclaim-sno-bitstrips	The Bitstrips app is a trojan horse that gives the NSA secret access to personal user information.	Bitstrips App Is Secretly NSA Trojan Horse to Access Your Private Data
vclaim-sno-bitter-almond-tree-banned	The bitter almond tree was banned in America in 1995 because it treats and prevents cancer.	Was the Bitter Almond Tree Banned in 1995 Because B17 Fights Cancer?
vclaim-sno-bitterroot-forest-fire	A photograph captures wildlife fleeing a fire in Bitterroot Forest, Montana.	Is This a Picture of the Bitterroot Forest Fire?
vclaim-sno-black-agnes	A teenage girl who bets her friends she can spend the night in a cemetery is found dead in the arms of a graveyard statue.	Did a Statue Called Black Agnes Kill a Teenage Girl?
vclaim-sno-black-american-express-card	American Express issues a special black card that allows its holders to buy anything.	Black American Express Card
vclaim-sno-black-americans-super-predators	"While speaking of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, Joe Biden referred to Black Americans as ""super-predators."""	Did Biden Call Black Americans ‘Super-Predators’?
vclaim-sno-black-and-white-caterpillars	Black and white caterpillars can cause severe allergic reactions in some people who touch them.	Are Black-and-White Caterpillars ‘Poisonous’?
vclaim-sno-black-carded	The U.S. government assigns Social Security numbers on the basis of race.	Social Security Numbers Assigned by Race
vclaim-sno-black-diamond-collection-disney	"""Black Diamond Collection"" Disney films on VHS are worth thousands of dollars, particularly ""Beauty and the Beast."""	Are ‘Black Diamond’ Disney VHS Tapes Worth Thousands of Dollars?
vclaim-sno-black-dot-campaign	Victims of domestic violence can effectively send out a secret signal for help by drawing black dots on their palms.	The Black Dot Campaign
vclaim-sno-black-eyed-children	Mysterious black-eyed children show up at the homes of unsuspecting residents.	Black-Eyed Children
vclaim-sno-black-fawn	Photographs show a black white-tailed deer fawn.	Black Fawn
vclaim-sno-black-friday-biggest-shopping-day-year	The day after Thanksgiving in the United States, Black Friday, is the biggest shopping day of the year.	Is Black Friday the Biggest Shopping Day of the Year?
vclaim-sno-black-friday-lady-steals-kid	"An video shows a woman ""stealing"" an item from a child shopper on Black Friday."	Does This Video Show a Black Friday Fight Over Vegetable Steamers?
vclaim-sno-black-friday-origins	"The term ""Black Friday"" originated with the practice of selling off slaves on the day after Thanksgiving."	How Did ‘Black Friday’ Get Its Name?
vclaim-sno-black-heritage-stamps	The U.S. Postal Service is discontinuing the Black Heritage series of postage stamps and destroying the remaining stock.	Are Black Heritage Stamps Being Discontinued?
vclaim-sno-black-hole	Kansas legislators are considering a bill that would force the science show	Kansas to Black Out ‘Cosmos’ Show Over Controversies
vclaim-sno-black-homeless-woman-says-trump-allowed-live-trump-tower-rent-free	Donald Trump let a homeless woman stay at his hotel in New York City rent-free for eight years.	Black Homeless Woman Says Trump Allowed Her to Live in Trump Tower Rent Free
vclaim-sno-black-lion	A photograph captures a rare black lion.	Is this a Photograph of a Black Lion?
vclaim-sno-black-listed	A federal judge has barred black women from choosing their children’s names.	Federal Judge: Enough with the Stupid Names
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-co-founder-poops-on-ice-rink	"Black Lives Matter co-founder Kayla McKelvey defected on an ice rink because ""only white people ice skate."""	Black Lives Matter Co-Founder Poops on Ice Rink
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-emergency-crews-hurricane	A group of Black Lives Matter protesters blocked emergency crews from providing aide to those stranded by Hurricane Harvey.	Black Lives Matter ‘Thugs’ Blocked Emergency Crews from Reaching Hurricane Victims?
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-fast-food	"Black Lives Matter ""members and supporters"" are tampering with or poisoning the orders of white patrons at fast food restaurants."	Are Black Lives Matter Members Poisoning Fast Food?
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-hoax	Black Lives Matter activists threatened in social media posts to assassinate white families.	No, Black Lives Matter Didn’t Threaten To ‘Assassinate White Families’
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-marquesha-johnson-donations	Black Lives Matter leader Marquesha Johnson was sued for embezzling millions of dollars in donations.	Did a Black Lives Matter Leader Get Sued for Embezzling Donations?
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-plaza	The address to the White House changed from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to 1600 Black Lives Matter Plaza.	Did the White House’s Address Change to 1600 Black Lives Matter Plaza?
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-protesters-beat-homeless-vet	A video shows Black Lives Matter protesters in Charlotte attacking and beating a homeless vet.	Black Lives Matter Protesters Beat Homeless Veteran
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-protesters-chant-for-dead-cops-now-in-baton-rouge	"Black Lives Matter protesters in Baton Rouge chanted calls for ""dead cops ... now"" shortly before three officers were killed in that city."	Black Lives Matter Protesters Chant for ‘Dead Cops Now’  in Baton Rouge
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-protests-kill-girl-waiting-for-transplant-in-memphis	A Black Lives Matter protest in Memphis obstructed I-40, leading to the death of a critically ill child transplant patient.	Black Lives Matter Protests Kill Girl Waiting for Transplant in Memphis
vclaim-sno-black-lives-matter-terrorist-russia	"Russia placed Black Lives Matter on an official ""terror list"" in July 2016."	Russia Put Black Lives Matter on Official Terror List
vclaim-sno-black-mask-of-death	Photograph shows a masked partygoer who killed seven people on Halloween 1962.	1962 Halloween Massacre
vclaim-sno-black-mob-beats-white-man-for-voting-trump	A white man was beaten by a group of black people for voting Trump.	‘Black Mob’ Beats White Man for Voting Trump?
vclaim-sno-black-muslim-in-the-white-house	"A virus is circulating with the name ""Black in the White House"" (aka ""Black Muslim in the White House"")."	‘Black Muslim in the White House’ Virus
vclaim-sno-black-out	California is planning to ban black cars in order to curb global warming.	California Banning Black Cars
vclaim-sno-black-panther-fbi-watch-list	"The cast of the film ""Black Panther"" was placed on an FBI watch list."	Was The Cast of ‘Black Panther’ Added to FBI Watch List?
vclaim-sno-black-panthers-georgia-pictures	Armed Black Panthers lobbied for Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams and attempted to intimidate residents into voting for her.	Did Armed Black Panthers Lobby and Intimidate on Behalf of Stacey Abrams?
vclaim-sno-black-panthers-wic-food-program	The Black Panther Party created the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program that provides supplemental food assistance to single mothers and their children.	Did the Black Panthers Create the WIC Food Program?
vclaim-sno-black-panthers	Hillary Clinton supported and helped free two Black Panthers accused of torturing and murdering Alex Rackley.	Black Panthers
vclaim-sno-black-police-officers-likely-kill-black-people	Black police officers are more likely to kill black people.	Are Black Police Officers More Likely to Kill Black People?
vclaim-sno-black-protesters-targeted-whites-in-milwaukee	A video captures African-American protesters targeting white people for mob violence during unrest in Milwaukee over the weekend of 13 August 2016.	Video: Black Protesters Targeted Whites in Milwaukee?
vclaim-sno-black-raspberry-chocolate-chip-oreos	Nabisco has announced the release of a 'Graeter's Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip' flavor of Oreo Cookies.	Nabisco Announces ‘Graeter’s Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip Oreos’?
vclaim-sno-black-rose-village-turkey	A rare black rose grows naturally in Turkey.	‘Rare Black Rose’ Only Grows in a Village in Turkey
vclaim-sno-black-stones-rain-turkey	A video shows black stones raining from the sky in Sinop, Turkey.	Did It Rain Black Stones on Turkey?
vclaim-sno-black-tax-credit	African-Americans are entitled to a $5,000 slavery reparation tax credit.	‘Black Tax’ Credit
vclaim-sno-black-teen-tried-white-man	"In 2020, 19-year-old Black man Sean Jackson asked to be tried ""as a white man"" in a court in Tampa, Florida."	Did a Black Teen Request to Be Tried As a White Man?
vclaim-sno-black-trump-supporter-shot	A black supporter of Donald Trump was shot and killed by protesters in Chicago.	Black Trump Supporter Shot and Killed by Chicago Protesters
vclaim-sno-black-tuesday	"American president George Bush asked Brazilian president Fernando Cardoso if ""Brazil has blacks, too."""	George Bush on Blacks in Brazil
vclaim-sno-blackbird-civil-rights	"Paul McCartney wrote the song ""Blackbird"" during a visit to the U.S., inspired by the civil rights movement."	Was Paul McCartney’s Song “Blackbird” Inspired by the Civil Rights Movement?
vclaim-sno-blackface-dick-van-dyke	"In June 2020, activists called for Dick Van Dyke to be digitally removed from ""Mary Poppins"" due to the actor's use of blackface."	Was Dick Van Dyke Condemned Over ‘Blackface’ Appearance in ‘Mary Poppins’?
vclaim-sno-blackface-governors-vs-blacks	The U.S. has more governors who have worn blackface than actual black governors.	Does America Have More Governors Who Have Worn Blackface Than Black Governors?
vclaim-sno-blacklivesmatter	Photograph shows two people hanging a banner that reads “#BlackLivesMatter: But only when they’re killed by cops. Killed by each other? Not so much.”	Black Lives Matter
vclaim-sno-blackmail	The word “blackmail” came about because it referenced letters of extortion sent via mail.	Etymology of Blackmail
vclaim-sno-blackout-2	Photograph shows a satellite view of a blackout in eastern North America.	North American Blackout
vclaim-sno-blacks-dont-read	Dee Lee penned a screed opining that blacks ‘don’t read.’	Blacks Don’t Read
vclaim-sno-blacks-dorm-uconn	The University of Connecticut (UConn) is constructing a dormitory solely to house black students.	Black Student Only Dorm at UConn?
vclaim-sno-blade-runner	Razor blades have been found amidst merchandise sold at a	Razor Blades in Merchandise
vclaim-sno-blair-holt-bill	A bill before Congress would prohibit ownership of handguns by those who have not obtained firearm licenses.	Blair Holt’s Firearm Licensing and Record of Sale Act
vclaim-sno-blasey-online-photos	A photograph of a topless, drinking woman pictures a young Christine Blasey Ford.	Is This a Photograph of Christine Blasey Ford Partying?
vclaim-sno-blazing-sadddles-mistake	"The ""most loved line"" in the 1974 movie ""Blazing Saddles"" was ""a mistake."""	Was the ‘Most Loved Line’ in ‘Blazing Saddles’ a ‘Mistake’?
vclaim-sno-bleacher-bums	Drinking or injecting bleach will protect you against Ebola.	Drinking Bleach Protects Against Ebola?
vclaim-sno-bless-you	"The origin of saying ""Bless you!"" when someone sneezes stems from an ancient desire to safeguard the sneezer's soul or to commend the dying to the mercy of God."	Why Do We Say ‘Bless You!’ When Someone Sneezes?
vclaim-sno-blind-girl-cane-school	A school in Bristol, England, banned a blind girl from using a walking cane at the school because it could be a safety hazard.	Was a Blind Girl in the UK Banned from Using Her Cane at School?
vclaim-sno-blind-mandate	U.S. law allows all Americans to opt out of the Affordable Care Act’s individual health insurance mandate.	Opting Out of Obamacare?
vclaim-sno-blm-buses-photo	"A photograph shows buses purchased by Black Lives Matter to ""transport members to riots."""	Does This Photo Show Buses Purchased by BLM?
vclaim-sno-blm-deputies-compton	A gunman associated with the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement shot and wounded two Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies on Sept. 12, 2020, and BLM protesters afterwards blocked emergency access to the hospital where the deputies received medical treatment.	Is BLM To Blame for the Shooting of 2 Deputies?
vclaim-sno-blm-euthanize-44000-horses	The U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM) has voted to euthanize 44,000 wild horses.	Did the Bureau of Land Management Vote to Slaughter 44,000 Wild Horses?
vclaim-sno-blm-ferguson-russia	Black Lives Matter protests in Ferguson were funded by Russia or Russian interests.	Were Black Lives Matter Protests in Ferguson Funded by Russia?
vclaim-sno-blm-flyer-enemy-of-people	"An official Black Lives Matter flyer labels white men, women, and children as ""the enemy."""	Does a BLM Flyer Label White People the ‘Enemy’?
vclaim-sno-blm-gasoline-fire	"Two white men were doused in gasoline and set on fire by Black Lives Matter members, and the story was ""censored"" by the media."	Two White Men Doused with Gasoline, Set on Fire by BLM
vclaim-sno-blm-hate-group-beating	"A collage of photographs shows people who were severely injured in beatings perpetrated by a ""BLM hate group."""	Are These Victims Who Were ‘Beat Up by a BLM Hate Group’?
vclaim-sno-blm-murder-retired-bar	"A man wearing a ""Justice for Breonna Taylor"" shirt murdered three people at a retired cop's bar."	Did a BLM Member Kill 3 People at a Retired Police Officer’s Bar?
vclaim-sno-blm-nobel-prize-nominee	The Black Lives Matter movement was nominated for a 2021 Nobel Peace Prize.	Was the Black Lives Matter Movement Nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize?
vclaim-sno-blm-organizer-loot	"A Black Lives Matter organizer said, ""I don't care if someone decides to loot."""	Did a BLM Organizer Say, ‘I Don’t Care If Someone Decides to Loot’?
vclaim-sno-blm-terrorist-rosenberg	Susan Rosenberg is a convicted terrorist who has sat on the board of directors of Thousand Currents, an organization which handles fundraising for the Black Lives Matter Global Network.	Did a ‘Convicted Terrorist’ Sit on the Board of a BLM Funding Body?
vclaim-sno-blm-thug-shoots-himself-taking-selfie-with-gun-in-protest-of-trump	A member of the Black Lives Matter movement shot himself in the face while protesting Donald Trump's election with a selfie.	BLM ‘Thug’ Shoots Himself Taking Selfie with Gun in Protest of Trump
vclaim-sno-bloc-the-vote	President Obama has proposed a constitutional amendment to make voting mandatory in the U.S.	President Obama Wants Mandatory Voting?
vclaim-sno-block-the-vote	President Obama issued a ‘gag order’ on insurance rates for 2015 until after the midterm elections.	Obama Issued a Gag Order on Insurance Rates Until After the Election?
vclaim-sno-blood-face-mask-ordinary	In January 2018, some women began using their menstrual blood as a face mask skin treatment.	Are Women Using Their Menstrual Blood as Face Masks?
vclaim-sno-blood-hounded	A child contracted AIDS through eating a pineapple that a vendor had  bled upon.	Boy Infected with HIV from Tainted Pineapple
vclaim-sno-blood-money	Blood from KISS band members was mixed with the red ink used to print the first KISS comic book.	Blood in KISS Comic Book
vclaim-sno-blood-of-jesus-flower	An image shows a 'Blood of Jesus on the Cross' flower that only blooms during Holy Week.	Does the ‘Blood of Jesus’ Flower Only Bloom During Holy Week?
vclaim-sno-blood-rave-uses-real-blood	"A nightclub in Amsterdam is hosting a ""Blood Rave"" event with real blood."	Halloween ‘Blood Rave’ Uses Real Blood
vclaim-sno-blood-relatives	Old photographs show John Travolta and Nicolas Cage look-alikes.	Nicolas Cage and John Travolta
vclaim-sno-blood-type-covid-19	People with Type-A blood are more susceptible to COVID-19.	Are People With Type-A Blood More Susceptible to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-blood-type-diets-actually-rooted-science	Diets tailored to one’s specific blood type are capable of reducing myriad ailments, improving digestion, enabling weight loss, and providing increased energy.	Are ‘Blood Type Diets’ Actually Rooted In Any Science?
vclaim-sno-bloody-mary-story	"Chanting ""Bloody Mary!"" thirteen times in front of a candlelit mirror will summon a vengeful spirit."	Is the Bloody Mary Story True?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-buy-greenland	2020 Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bloomberg enraged U.S. President Donald Trump with the purchase of Greenland.	Did Bloomberg Buy Greenland to Enrage Trump?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-buy-trump-debt	In 2020, Mike Bloomberg bought U.S. President Donald Trump's debt.	Did Bloomberg Buy Trump’s Debt?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-campaign-prisoners	In 2019, the presidential campaign of Michael Bloomberg worked with a vendor that used prison labor on the campaign's behalf.	Did Michael Bloomberg’s Presidential Campaign Use Prison Labor?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-elderly-cancer	In 2011 Mike Bloomberg said health care providers should not treat elderly prostate cancer patients in order to alleviate health care costs and overcrowding.	Did Bloomberg Say Elderly Cancer Patients Should Not Be Treated To Alleviate Health Care Costs?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-farmers-gray-matter	"In 2016 Mike Bloomberg said he ""could teach anybody to be a farmer"" but information technology required ""a lot more gray matter."""	Did Mike Bloomberg Say ‘Anybody Can Be a Farmer,’ Tech Work Requires ‘More Gray Matter’?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-ghislaine-maxwell	A photograph shows former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg with Ghislaine Maxwell, a close associate of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	Is This Bloomberg with Jeffrey Epstein Associate Ghislaine Maxwell?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-pay-florida-felons-vote	Billionaire and former presidential candidate Michael Bloomberg raised more than $16 million to pay the fines and restitution of convicted felons in Florida so that they are able to register to vote ahead of the 2020 general election.	Did Bloomberg Pay Fines for 31,000 Florida Felons So They Can Vote?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-political-ads	Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg could have given each American $1 million for the amount of money he spent on political ads during his 2020 U.S. presidential campaign.	Could Bloomberg Give Each American $1M with Money He Spent on Ads?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-sanders-beat-trump	Michael Bloomberg said that U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders would have beaten Donald Trump in the 2016 election if Sanders had been the Democratic nominee.	Did Bloomberg Say Sanders Would Have Beaten Trump in 2016?
vclaim-sno-bloomberg-state-farm	State Farm canceled Michael Bloomberg's life insurance policy after the candidate announced Hillary Clinton as his pick for vice president.	Did State Farm Cancel Bloomberg’s Insurance Over Hillary VP Announcement?
vclaim-sno-bloomington-police-discover-over-200-penises	Police executing a search warrant at the home of a Bloomington, Illinois, mortician discovered 218 embalmed human penises.	Did Bloomington Police Discover Over 200 Penises During Raid at a Mortician’s Home?
vclaim-sno-blow-bubbles-plant	The stem of Jatropha curcas, a flowering plant native to Mexico and Central America, contains a unique sap in its leaves that can be used to blow bubbles.	Can You Blow Bubbles From This Tree’s Sap?
vclaim-sno-blowin-in-the-wind	The Bob Dylan song ‘Blowin’ in the Wind’ was actually written by a New Jersey high school student.	Blowin’ in the Wind
vclaim-sno-blowing-hard-2	Restroom hand dryers spread disease by blowing germs and bacteria around.	Do Hot Air Hand Dryers in Restrooms Spread Disease?
vclaim-sno-blowing-hard	Restroom hand blowers spread disease by blowing germs and bacteria around.	Hand Dryers Spread Disease
vclaim-sno-blown-seal	Photograph shows members of Seal Team Six.	SEAL Team Six Photograph
vclaim-sno-blue-angels-hand-of-god	"A picture shows the Navy's Blue Angels flight demonstration squadron performing an aerial stunt called ""The Hand of God."""	Does This Picture Show the Blue Angels Performing ‘The Hand of God?’
vclaim-sno-blue-bloods-canceled	"The TV drama ""Blue Bloods"" was canceled in February 2020."	Was the TV Show ‘Blue Bloods’ Canceled?
vclaim-sno-blue-bow-trout-real	"A photograph shows the first ""blue bow trout"" caught in Pennsylvania."	Is the ‘Blue Bow’ Trout Real?
vclaim-sno-blue-check-homes	Crests featuring a blue verification check mark are available for homes in the Bay Area that contain an influencer, public figure, or brand representative.	Can You Get a ‘Verified Badge Crest’ on Your Bay Area Home?
vclaim-sno-blue-collar-innovation	Low-level employee suggests simple yet brilliant innovation that increases the profits of a successful company many times over.	Blue Collar Innovation
vclaim-sno-blue-eyes-alcohol-tolerance	People with blue eyes have the highest tolerance for alcohol.	Do People with Blue Eyes Have the Highest Alcohol Tolerance?
vclaim-sno-blue-halloween-buckets-autism	All Trick-or-treaters carrying blue pumpkin buckets on Halloween have autism.	Does Carrying a Blue Halloween Bucket Signify That a Trick-or-Treater Has Autism?
vclaim-sno-blue-heart-ornament	A woman found human ashes in a $2 blue heart ornament.	Did a Woman Find Human Ashes in a $2 Blue Heart Ornament?
vclaim-sno-blue-lava	Photograph shows a volcano in Indonesia that spews blue lava.	Volcano Spews Blue Lava
vclaim-sno-blue-laws	American “blue laws” were so named because they were originally printed on blue paper.	Etymology of Blue Laws
vclaim-sno-blue-light-waffle	The installation of blue streetlights in Japan and Scotland caused a reduction in crime and suicide rates.	Blue Streetlight Crime Reduction
vclaim-sno-blue-lives-matter-facebook	Two Maryland sheriff's deputies were shot and killed at a restaurant by a  vagrant.	Two Officers Shot and Killed by Vagrant at Maryland Restaurant
vclaim-sno-blue-star-acid	"Rub-on ""tattoos"" of cartoon characters laced with LSD are handed out to children by unscrupulous drug dealers."	LSD Tattoos
vclaim-sno-blue-strawberries	Photographs show a rare strain of blue strawberries.	Are Blue Strawberries Real?
vclaim-sno-blue-waffle-disease	A photograph shows an STD-related infection known as 'blue waffle disease.'	Blue Waffle Disease
vclaim-sno-blue-whale-game-suicides-russia	"The ""Blue Whale"" suicide game has been responsible for more than 130 suicides in Russia."	Is the ‘Blue Whale’ Game Responsible for Dozens of Suicides in Russia?
vclaim-sno-blue-whale-phallacy	Photograph shows the enormous phallus of a blue whale.	Blue Whale Phallacy
vclaim-sno-blue-whale-spotted-jennettes-pier	A photograph shows a giant blue whale spotted near Jennette's Pier in North Carolina.	Was a Giant Blue Whale Spotted Near Jennette’s Pier?
vclaim-sno-blue-whale-under-boat	A photograph shows an enormous blue whale swimming underneath a boat.	Why I’m Scared of the Ocean
vclaim-sno-blue-whale-under-rowboat	A photograph shows a blue whale swimming beneath a row boat.	Does This Photograph Show a Huge Blue Whale Under a Rowboat?
vclaim-sno-bluegill-dangerous-fish	The bluegill fish is related to the piranha and is one of the most dangerous fish in North America, responsible for more than 500 deaths in the United States every summer.	Is the Bluegill One of the Most Dangerous Fish in North America?
vclaim-sno-bluetooth-etymology	"The name ""Bluetooth,"" which refers to the standard for shortrange wireless connections, is derived from Viking king Harald Gormsson, who is credited with uniting Scandinavia."	Is ‘Bluetooth’ Technology Named After a Viking King?
vclaim-sno-bluetooth-gas-pump-skimmers	Cellphone bluetooth sensors can detect the presence of credit card skimmers in gas pumps.	Can a Mobile Phone’s Bluetooth Sensor Be Used to Detect Card Skimmers?
vclaim-sno-blurboards	Photographs show a Ford Mustang ad campaign utilizing semi-transparent billboards.	Ford Mustang Semi-Transparent ‘Blur’ Billboards
vclaim-sno-bmw-giveaway	BMW is giving away free cars on Facebook.	BMW Giveaway on Facebook
vclaim-sno-board-stiff	Woman takes revenge on her cheating husband by advertising his infidelities on a billboard.	Cheating Husband Billboard
vclaim-sno-bob-barker-dead	'The Price is Right' host Bob Barker died in July 2017, after falling and hitting his head at his home.	Is Former ‘Price is Right’ Host Bob Barker Dead at Age 94?
vclaim-sno-bob-beckel-julian-assange	Hillary Clinton strategist Bob Beckel called for the assassination of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange.	Bob Beckel Called for WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange to Be Assassinated
vclaim-sno-bob-denver-dead-again	Bob Denver died in January 2017.	Bob Denver Dead (Again)
vclaim-sno-bob-dylan-rejects-nobel	Singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has rejected his Nobel Prize Award for Literature.	Bob Dylan Rejects Nobel Laureate’s Accolade
vclaim-sno-bob-marley-cia	"A former CIA agent named ""Bill Oxley"" confessed on his death bed to killing Bob Marley."	Did a CIA Agent Confess to Killing Bob Marley?
vclaim-sno-bob-marley-corn-must-die	The body of a homeless man found behind a Jamaica fast food restaurant was identified as that of Bob Marley.	Body of Homeless Man Found in Fast Food Restaurant Was Bob Marley
vclaim-sno-bobby-shmurda-death	Singer Bobby Shmurda was stabbed to death at Rikers Island by his cellmate.	Was Bobby Shmurda Stabbed to Death in Rikers Island Jail by His Cell Mate?
vclaim-sno-bobby-wilson-shooting	Arizona State Senate candidate Bobby Wilson fatally shot his mother in 1963.	Did an Arizona State Senate Candidate Fatally Shoot His Mother?
vclaim-sno-bobcat-vs-shark	Photograph shows a bobcat pulling a shark from the ocean.	Bobcat vs. Shark
vclaim-sno-bodies-blm-carved-skin	"Police in Los Angeles discovered 12 or 19 bodies in a freezer with ""Black Lives Matter"" carved into the victims' skin."	Did Police Find Bodies in Freezers with ‘Black Lives Matter’ Carved into Their Skin?
vclaim-sno-body-found-under-motel-bed	Police in New Jersey found a body that had lain undisturbed for five years under a motel bed.	Body Found Under Motel Bed, Police Say It Has Been There At Least 5 Years
vclaim-sno-body-ohio-river-clinton-aide	A dead body that washed ashore on the Ohio River was identified as that of a man who worked as both an aide to Hillary Clinton and a bodyguard to Clinton's daughter, Chelsea.	Was a Body Found in the Ohio River That of a Major Clinton Aide?
vclaim-sno-body-pedophile-dumped-parliament	The body of a notorious pedophile was found dumped on the doorstep of the British Parliament building.	Was the Body of a Dead Pedophile Dumped in Front of Parliament?
vclaim-sno-boebert-ged-months-before-election	U.S. Rep. Lauren Boebert received her GED diploma a few months before being winning election.	Did Rep. Boebert Get Her GED Months Before Winning Election?
vclaim-sno-boebert-restaurant-man-beaten	"A man was once ""beaten to death"" ""outside"" U.S. Rep. Lauren Boebert's restaurant in Rifle, Colorado."	Was a Man ‘Beaten to Death’ Outside Rep. Lauren Boebert’s Restaurant?
vclaim-sno-boebert-tweet-pelosi-location	Republican congresswoman Lauren Boebert tweeted about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's whereabouts during the Jan. 6, 2021 Capitol riot.	Did Rep. Boebert Tweet About Speaker Pelosi’s Location During Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-boeing-797	Photograph shows a new Boeing 797 blended-wing airliner.	Boeing 797
vclaim-sno-boeing-90-degree-climb	A video shows a Boeing 737 Max plane taking off at a 90-degree angle.	Did a Boeing Jetliner Make a 90-Degree Climb During Takeoff at an Air Show?
vclaim-sno-bogalusa-whisper	A truck stop in Bogalusa, Louisiana, refused service to a National Guard member in uniform.	Bogalusa Truck Stop Refuses Service to Soldier?
vclaim-sno-boil-on-troubled-waters	"Water boiled in a microwave oven can suddenly ""explode."""	Can Water Boiled in a Microwave Suddenly ‘Explode’?
vclaim-sno-boiled-menstrual-pads	Boiling menstrual pads and drinking the water to get “high” or “drunk” is an alarming new trend amongst Indonesian teens.	Are Indonesian Teens Drinking Boiled, Bloody Menstrual Pads to Get “High” in a “New Trend”?
vclaim-sno-bolsonaro-covid-vaccine-crocodiles	Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro said, “In the Pfizer contract it's very clear: 'we're not responsible for any side effects.' If you turn into a crocodile, it's your problem.”	Did Brazil’s President Bolsonaro Imply COVID-19 Vaccine Turns People Into Crocodiles?
vclaim-sno-bombers-to-venezuela	Russian president Vladimir Putin sent two supersonic nuclear bombers to Venezuela in December 2018.	Did Putin Just Send Two Supersonic Nuclear Bombers to Venezuela?
vclaim-sno-bombing-vatican-city	A photograph show the aftermath of a bombing in Vatican City.	Did a Bombing Take Place in Vatican City?
vclaim-sno-bone-retired	Pedigree is recalling Jumbone brand dog treats due to a risk to canines.	Pedigree Jumbone Warning
vclaim-sno-boned-rolled-pig-ad	"An image shows an advertisement for a ""legally edible"" meat product called ""boned rolled pig."""	Did Grocery Stores Once Sell ‘Boned Rolled Pig’?
vclaim-sno-bong-explosion	A photograph shows a young woman who was disfigured when her bong exploded.	Did a Bong Explosion Disfigure This Woman?
vclaim-sno-bonnie-clyde-go-for-a-ride	An automobile depicted on the back of the old	Bonnie and Clyde on the U.S. $10 bill
vclaim-sno-bono-of-contention	When U2's Bono announced that every time he clapped a child in Africa died, someone from the audience told him to stop doing that.	Did Bono Say Every Time He Clapped a Child in Africa Died?
vclaim-sno-bono-trump-destroy-america	"During a 'Rolling Stone' interview, U2 singer Bono proclaimed that ""Donald Trump is destroying America, [and] we must stop him."""	Did Bono Say ‘Donald Trump Is Destroying America, We Must Stop Him’?
vclaim-sno-bonsai-kittens	A website provides information and equipment for making 'bonsai kittens.'	Are ‘Bonsai Kittens’ Real?
vclaim-sno-boob-youtube	YouTube is shutting down and will no longer be accepting video submissions.	YouTube Shutting Down?
vclaim-sno-book-display	Photograph shows a store’s display window presenting books about Barack Obama with a book about monkeys.	Book Display
vclaim-sno-book-drive	Costco has removed copies of Dinesh D’Souza’s book	Costco Removes Dinesh D’Souza’s Book
vclaim-sno-boombox-cartoon-pulled-from-newspaper-for-criticizing-clinton-obama	The Los Angeles Times stopped publishing work by cartoonist Dixon Diaz because he criticized Hillary Clinton.	‘Boombox’ Cartoon Pulled from Newspaper for Criticizing Clinton, Obama?
vclaim-sno-boot-strapped	A mechanic working in a car’s trunk is mistaken for a kidnapping victim.	Abducted Mechanic
vclaim-sno-booth-uncouth	Couple is caught taking risqué pictures in an amusement park photo booth.	Couple Caught Taking Risqué Pictures in Photo Booth
vclaim-sno-bootleg-pull	"The Beatles recorded songs entitled ""Colliding Circles,"" ""Left Is Right (And Right Is Wrong),"" ""Pink Litmus Paper Shirt,"" and ""Deckchair,"" all of which remain unreleased to this day."	Are There Two Unreleased Beatles Songs?
vclaim-sno-boots-n-puss	The phrase “another kick at the cat” began with someone who had it in for housecats.	Etymology of ‘Another Kick at the Cat’
vclaim-sno-booty-tickler-arrest-fake	"A man known as ""the booty tickler"" was arrested in Texas."	FALSE: ‘Booty Tickler’ Arrested in Texas
vclaim-sno-booze-sputnik-v	A Russian health official recommended that people being vaccinated with Russia's Sputnik V Covid-19 vaccine abstain from drinking for two weeks before the first shot and 42 days after it.	Did Russian Official Recommend No Booze for 42 Days After COVID Vaccination?
vclaim-sno-bora-bora-getaway-facebook	"A 14-night ""Bora Bora Getaway"" circulating on Facebook in early 2021 is legitimate."	Is the 14-Night ‘Bora Bora Getaway’ on Facebook Real?
vclaim-sno-border-fluke	An ongoing outbreak of Enterovirus D68 originated with an influx of immigrant children from Central America.	Are Immigrant Kids Spreading Enterovirus (EV-D68)?
vclaim-sno-border-patrol-officer-death	A U.S. border patrol agent was killed by attackers using rocks near the border of the United States and Mexico.	Was a U.S. Border Patrol Officer Killed by Attackers Armed with Rocks?
vclaim-sno-border-patrol-rock-injury	A photograph shows a U.S. Border Patrol agent who was injured by a thrown rock in November 2018.	Does This Photograph Show a Border Patrol Agent Injured by a Thrown Rock?
vclaim-sno-border-traffic-drop-barriers	In four Customs and Border Protection sectors where physical barriers have been expanded, illegal traffic has dropped by at least 90%.	Did Illegal Border Traffic Drop by 90% in Areas Where Physical Barriers Were Expanded?
vclaim-sno-border-wall-fence-trump-climb	"Images shared widely in September 2019 showed people easily climbing the same fence, or same type of fence, that U.S. President Donald Trump said ""can't be climbed."""	Did Viral Images Show People Climbing a Border Fence That Trump Said ‘Can’t Be Climbed’?
vclaim-sno-border-wall-migrant-caravan	In January 2021, a migrant caravan was headed to the U.S. because of President Joe Biden's changes to immigration policies.	Is Migrant Caravan Headed for US Because of Biden’s Immigration Policies?
vclaim-sno-borderline-bar-shooter-middle-east	The shooter who killed a dozen people at a bar in California in November 2018 was identified as Abu Al-Hom Kreuzi.	Was the Borderline Bar Shooter Identified as a Middle Eastern Man Named Abu Al-Hom Kreuzi?
vclaim-sno-boring-mike-pence	"During the RNC, Donald Trump sent a tweet about his running mate describing him as ""boring Mike Pence."""	Did Trump Tweet About ‘Boring Mike Pence’?
vclaim-sno-boris-johnson-ghislaine-maxwell	"A photograph from the 1980s shows Boris Johnson with his ""lover,"" Ghislaine Maxwell."	Was Boris Johnson Photographed with Ghislaine Maxwell?
vclaim-sno-boris-johnson-turkish-muslim	Boris Johnson’s great-grandfather was a prominent Turkish Muslim figure.	Was Boris Johnson’s Great-Grandfather a Well-Known Turkish Muslim?
vclaim-sno-born-basic-recall	Born Basic Anti-Bac hand sanitizer was recalled in the U.S. after being found to contain methanol, a poisonous chemical.	Was ‘Born Basic Anti-Bac’ Hand Sanitizer Recalled in the US?
vclaim-sno-born-in-the-usa	Michelle Obama stated that the signers of the Declaration of Independence were not “born in America.”	Michelle Obama Says Founding Fathers Not 'Born in America'
vclaim-sno-boston-bruins-fan-sign	A photograph shows two Boston Bruins fan holding a sign stating that they performed a sex act with player Tyler Seguin.	Is This a Real Boston Bruins Fan Sign?
vclaim-sno-boston-market-coupon	Boston Market is offering coupons good for a $1 chicken meal.	$1 Real Chicken Deal Boston Market Coupon
vclaim-sno-boston-police-officer-kills-black-man-over-marijuana-cigarette	An African American man living in the Boston area was shot by police officers following a dispute regarding a marijuana cigarette.	Boston Police Officer Kills Black Man Over Marijuana Cigarette
vclaim-sno-boston-schools-white-asian	Boston Public Schools administrators suspended Advanced Work Classes, a selective program for high-performing students, because of concerns over racial inequities as the majority of the students enrolled were white or Asian.	Are Boston Public Schools Suspending Advanced Classes Because of Too Many White and Asian Students?
vclaim-sno-botched-abortion-gravestone	A photograph shows a tombstone from 1875 that marks the resting place of Kate McCormick, who reportedly died after a botched abortion.	Is This Katie McCormick’s Gravestone from the 1870s?
vclaim-sno-botched-medical-cannabis-trial-in-france	A cannabis drug trial in France led to serious adverse effects in several subjects.	Botched Medical Cannabis Trial in France?
vclaim-sno-botswana-condemns-trump-remarks	"Botswana condemned President Donald Trump's alleged remarks calling African nations ""shithole countries."""	Did Botswana Condemn Trump’s Alleged ‘Shithole’ Slur Toward African Countries?
vclaim-sno-bottle-feeding	President Obama has signed a new law lowering the drinking age to 18.	Obama Signs Law to Lower Legal Drinking Age to 18
vclaim-sno-bottle-it	"Coca-Cola came to be bottled when a stranger sold a remarkable two-word idea to the company: ""Bottle it."""	Did a Stranger Sell Coca-Cola the Idea to Bottle Their Drink?
vclaim-sno-botts-dots	The rounded raised lane markers installed on California roads, Botts’ Dots, were named for their inventor.	Botts’ Dots
vclaim-sno-boughd-out	Bodies of suicide victims have been mistaken for Halloween decorations.	Was a Suicide Mistaken for Halloween Decoration?
vclaim-sno-boulders-breaking-bad	Colorado has become the first state to legalize recreational use of crystal meth.	Colorado Becomes First State to Legalize Crystal Meth
vclaim-sno-bow-hunting-wild-horses	A photograph shows a man posing with a horse he killed in Australia with a bow and arrow.	Bow Hunting Wild Horses
vclaim-sno-bowdoin-mini-sombrero-controversy	Students at Bowdoin College in Maine were offered counseling because a party involved mini sombreros.	Bowdoin Mini Sombrero Controversy
vclaim-sno-bowe-bergdahl	A U.S. soldier named Bowe Bergdahl was held prisoner after being captured by the Taliban in 2009.	Sgt.  Bowe Bergdahl, POW
vclaim-sno-bowl-o-bama	Photograph shows a “Bowl-O-Bama” bowling alley in Clearwater, Florida.	Bowl-O-Bama
vclaim-sno-bowlbot-5000-machine	"A viral video shows the ""Bowlbot 5000"" bowling machine scoring a strike."	Is the ‘Bowlbot 5000’ a Real Bowling Machine?
vclaim-sno-boxing-day	The name of Boxing Day comes from the need to rid the house of empty boxes the day after Christmas	The Origins of Boxing Day
vclaim-sno-boy-beaten-to-death-by-mom	A young boy was beaten to death by his mother for refusing to wear girl's clothes.	Did a Mom Beat Her Son to Death for Refusing to Dress Like a Girl?
vclaim-sno-boy-eating-butter-ad	A vintage advertisement features a young boy eating a stick of butter.	Does a Vintage Advertisement Show Boy Eating a Stick of Butter?
vclaim-sno-boy-scouts-condoms-jamboree	The Boy Scouts implemented a new policy requiring condoms to be available at its quadrennial World Scout Jamboree, shortly after announcing that girls would be able to join the organization.	Did the Boy Scouts of America Implement a New Policy Requiring Condoms to Be Available at Jamboree?
vclaim-sno-boy-scouts-mormons	"The Boy Scouts of America lost 425,000 members in May 2018, in response to a decision to integrate more girls into the organization, and to give the ""Boy Scouts"" program a new, gender-neutral name."	Did the Boy Scouts Lose 425,000 Members Because of a Gender-Inclusive Name Change?
vclaim-sno-boy-shot-by-stepfather	Every time a particular message is shared, a company will donate money towards the medical care of a 14-year-old boy who was shot by his stepfather while he was defending his 2-year-old sister from rape.	‘Boy Shot by Stepfather’ Appeal
vclaim-sno-boy-shot-stepfather-appeal	Every time a particular message is shared, a company will donate money towards the medical care of a 14-year-old boy who was shot by his stepfather while he was defending his 2-year-old sister from rape.	‘Boy Shot by Stepfather’ Appeal
vclaim-sno-boy-who-went-missing-reunited	An article on people-today.com recounted a true story about a mother reuniting with her adult son after he went missing nearly 40 years before.	Was Boy Who Went Missing 40 Years Ago Reunited With Mom?
vclaim-sno-boycott36-clinton-sanders-late-term-abortion	"Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton both seek an abortion ""cutoff date"" of 36 weeks, and both claim that late-stage fetuses feel no pain and have no rights."	#Boycott36: Do Clinton and Sanders Support Late-Term Abortions?
vclaim-sno-boyd-bushman-aliens	Former Lockheed Martin engineer Boyd Bushman provided evidence of human contact with alien life just before his death in August 2014.	Did Boyd Bushman Provide Evidence of Alien Contact?
vclaim-sno-boyfriend-corpses-medical-condition	A girl's unusual medical condition led to the discovery that the boy she'd been intimate with had been having sex with (or eating) corpses.	Romantic Encounter with a Necrophiliac
vclaim-sno-boyfriend-murdered-after-april-fools-prank-proposal	A woman shot and killed her boyfriend after an April Fool's Day marriage proposal prank.	Boyfriend Murdered After April Fool’s Prank Proposal?
vclaim-sno-boyfriend-pull-teeth	A vengeful Polish dentist pulled out all of her ex-boyfriend’s teeth.	Did a Dentist Pull Out All Her Ex-Boyfriend’s Teeth?
vclaim-sno-bpa-in-soup-cans	Soup cans are lined with dangerous levels of BPA.	BPA in Soup Cans
vclaim-sno-bra-sear	An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her bra.	After Getting Her Bra Twanged, A Young Girl Punched Her Classmate
vclaim-sno-bra-twang-punch	An angry mother delivered a scathing response to school officials after her daughter was punished for punching a classmate who snapped her bra.	After Getting Her Bra Twanged, A Young Girl Punched Her Classmate
vclaim-sno-bracelet-confusion	Several patients have died because medical personnel confused Lance Armstrong “Live Strong” bracelets with “Do Not Resuscitate” bands.	Live Strong Bracelet DNR Confusion
vclaim-sno-bracelets-immigrants-operation-streamline	In 2018, President Donald Trump began a policy of forcing detained immigrants scheduled for criminal prosecution to wear identifying wristbands and yellow bracelets.	Did President Trump Order Detained Immigrants to Wear Yellow Bracelets?
vclaim-sno-brad-pitt-bob-marley	A photograph shows Brad Pitt in costume as Bob Marley in preparation for an upcoming biopic.	Is Brad Pitt Playing Bob Marley in an Upcoming Biopic?
vclaim-sno-brad-pitt-death-hoax	Brad Pitt died of suicide shortly after Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from him in September 2016.	Brad Pitt Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-brad-pitt-elite-hollywood	"Brad Pitt said that ""elite Hollywood pedophiles"" control the United States."	Did Brad Pitt Say That ‘Elite Hollywood Pedophiles Control America’?
vclaim-sno-brad-pitt-endorses-trump	"Brad Pitt recently slammed liberals for ""taking [his] money"" and has endorsed Donald Trump for President."	Brad Pitt Endorses Donald Trump, Slams Money-Hungry Liberals
vclaim-sno-bradford-beast	A man named Adrian Merced assaulted his girlfriend and may escape justice.	Adrian ‘Beast Mode’ Merced
vclaim-sno-brady-campaign-ad	An advertisement by the Brady Campaign contrasts rape with gun murders.	Brady Campaign Ad
vclaim-sno-brady-campaign-fake-ad	An image shows a real ad from The Brady Campaign urging citizens not to fight back against home intruders.	Fake Brady Campaign Ad Goes Viral on Facebook
vclaim-sno-braille-in-some-steering-wheels	Car steering wheels include Braille to help visually impaired drivers find the horn.	Do Steering Wheels Include Braille So Visually Impaired Drivers Can Find the Horn?
vclaim-sno-brain-eating-amoeba-sinuses	A woman who rinsed her nasal passages using a neti pot filled with tap water contracted a fatal “brain-eating” amoeba infection.	Did a Brain-Eating Amoeba Kill a Woman Who Rinsed Her Sinuses with Tap Water?
vclaim-sno-brain-feud	Dr. Ben Carson said that “anatomically, a Muslim’s brain is wired differently than ours.”	FALSE: Dr. Ben Carson: A Muslim's Brain is Different
vclaim-sno-braked-ham	Thwarted shoplifter yells ‘Who threw that ham at me?’ when purloined meat slips from under her coat.	Who Threw That Ham?
vclaim-sno-brandenn-bremmer	Young prodigy Brandenn Bremmer achieved a number of successes before taking his own life at age14 so that he could donate his organs to others.	Brandenn Bremmer Suicide
vclaim-sno-brandon-high-school-mississippi	"A federal judge ordered Brandon High School in Mississippi to remove the hymn ""How Great Thou Art"" from its marching band's halftime show."	Was a High School Band Ordered to Stop Performing ‘How Great Thou Art’?
vclaim-sno-brandon-lee	The scene in which Brandon Lee was fatally wounded was left in the final cut of	Brandon Lee’s Death in ‘The Crow’
vclaim-sno-brandon-torrent-homeless-person	A millionaire named Brandon Torrent allowed himself to be photographed urinating on a homeless person.	Is This Millionaire Brandon Torrent Urinating on a Homeless Person?
vclaim-sno-brandon-victor-dixon-tweet	'Hamilton' actor Brandon Victor Dixon sent a controversial tweet in 2012, uncovered after he delivered an on-stage speech to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence.	‘Hamilton’ Actor Brandon Victor Dixon Tweets About St. Patrick’s Day
vclaim-sno-bravecto-flea-and-tick-warning	Bravecto brand Flea and tick remedy is dangerous to dogs.	BRAVECTO Flea and Tick Warning
vclaim-sno-brazil-mothers-day-robbery	Video captures a woman who thwarted and subdued an armed man attempting to rob attendees of a Mother's Day event.	Does This Video Show a Thwarted Mother’s Day Robbery?
vclaim-sno-brazilian-oil	President Obama signed an executive order to lend	Obama Lends $2 Billion to Brazilian Oil Company
vclaim-sno-bre-paytons-death-strange	Journalist Bre Payton's untimely death was connected to her reporting on the Mueller probe.	Was Journalist Bre Payton’s Death ‘Beyond Strange’ Due to Her Reporting on the Mueller Probe?
vclaim-sno-breach-capitol-british-1814	The mob attack on the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021, is the first severe breach of its property since the British troops set fire to the building in August 1814.	Was the Last Violent Breach of the Capitol by the British in 1814?
vclaim-sno-bread-and-media-circuses	Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread.	Islamic Justice — Boy Punished for Stealing Bread
vclaim-sno-bread-bagged	Iowa Republican Joni Ernst received $460,000 in welfare money.	Joni Ernst Received $460,000 in Welfare Money?
vclaim-sno-bread-tag-code	You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.	Does the Color of a Bread Tag Indicate When the Loaf Was Baked?
vclaim-sno-breadwinner	A woman with eight children earns $144,000 per year for her family by giving up her kids to foster care.	Is a Woman the Family ‘Breadwinner’ for Running a Foster Care Scam?
vclaim-sno-break-neck-twerking	A video shows a woman breaking her neck while twerking.	Did This Woman Break Her Neck Twerking?
vclaim-sno-breaking-a-mirror	Breaking a mirror brings seven years of bad luck.	Breaking a Mirror
vclaim-sno-breakup-email-2003	An intern for a U.S. senator sent an embarrassing breakup e-mail to his girlfriend that leaked to the public at large.	Is This Embarrassing Breakup E-Mail Real?
vclaim-sno-breast-cancer-abortion-yoest	Department of Health and Human Services appointee Charmaine Yoest repeated the false claim abortion causes breast cancer.	Does Health and Human Services Appointee Charmaine Yoest Believe Abortion Causes Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-breast-cancer-patient-protection-act	A bill known as the Breast Cancer Patient Protection Act seeks to require insurance companies to cover a minimum	Breast Cancer Patient Protection Act
vclaim-sno-breast-chancer-2	Florida woman Jasmine Tridevil underwent surgery to add a third breast.	Jasmine Tridevil Has Three Breasts?
vclaim-sno-breast-chancer	Florida woman Jasmine Tridevil underwent surgery to add a third breast.	Jasmine Tridevil Has Three Breasts?
vclaim-sno-breast-defense	Anti-perspirants have been identified as the leading cause of breast cancer.	Do Anti-Perspirants Cause Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-breast-gazing-healthy	"According to a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, ""ogling women's breasts is good for a man's health."""	Breast Gazing Healthy
vclaim-sno-breast-in-peace	Jasmine Tridevil, whose “third breast” hoax captivated the internet, has been found dead in her home.	Jasmine Tridevil Found Dead
vclaim-sno-breast-milk-gold	A photograph of breast milk under a microscope appears glittery gold.	Is Breast Milk Gold Under a Microscope?
vclaim-sno-breast-practices	The CDC has recommended mothers stop breastfeeding in order to increase the efficacy of vaccines.	CDC Recommends Mothers Stop Breastfeeding to Boost Vaccine Efficacy?
vclaim-sno-breast-rash	Photograph shows a breast rash caused by South American larvae.	Breast Rash
vclaim-sno-breastfeeding-size-ban	Rep. Debbie Riddle proposed a breastfeeding ban on women with large breasts.	Congresswoman Proposes Breastfeeding Ban for Women with Large Breasts
vclaim-sno-breasts-in-public	Due to a recent court ruling, It is now legal for women in the U.S. to display their breasts in public.	Did a U.S. Federal Court Rule That Women are Free to Display Their Breasts in Public?
vclaim-sno-breath-mint-trafficking-drug	In late 2018 or early 2019, a pattern of druggings and abductions took place in Arizona and Texas whereby human traffickers used breath mints	Did Texas and Arizona See a Spate of Sex Trafficking-Related ‘Breath Mint’ Druggings in 2019?
vclaim-sno-breatharians	A Californian and Ecuadorian couple proved it is possible to live on nothing but air.	Do ‘Breatharians’ Survive Without Food or Water?
vclaim-sno-breitbart-news-app-removed-from-the-apple-store	"Apple's purge of ""fake news"" apps from the App store started with the removal of Breitbart News in November 2016."	Breitbart News App Removed From the Apple Store?
vclaim-sno-brenda-lee-removed-air-force-one	Brenda Lee was forcibly removed from Air Force One by order of President Obama due to her pro-life views.	Did Obama Have Journalist Brenda Lee Forcibly Removed from Air Force One?
vclaim-sno-brent-jones	12-year-old Brent Jones is missing from his Zalma, Missouri, home.	Missing Child: Brent Jones
vclaim-sno-breonna-taylor-statue-smashed	In late December 2020, a ceramic bust of Breonna Taylor in downtown Oakland was smashed into pieces.	Was a Breonna Taylor Statue Smashed in Oakland?
vclaim-sno-bresch-manchin-daughter	Heather Bresch is the daughter of West Virgnia Democrat Joe Manchin.	Is Mylan CEO Heather Bresch the Daughter of W.V. Democratic Senator Joe Manchin?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-employers-polygraph	Judge Brett Kavanaugh once ruled in a case that 'polygraphs can be accepted as gospel by employers.'	Did Brett Kavanaugh Rule That Employers Can Accept Polygraph Tests as ‘Gospel’?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-foreclosure-accuser-parents	In a 1996 foreclosure case, Judge Martha Kavanaugh ruled against Ralph and Paula Blasey, thus providing motive for revenge for their daughter Christine against Judge Kavanaugh's son Brett, a Supreme Court nominee in 2018.	Did Judge Martha Kavanaugh ‘Rule Against’ the Parents of Her Son’s Accuser, Christine Blasey-Ford?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-gofundme-page	A GoFundMe page was established to collect donations for embattled Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.	Was a GoFundMe Page Established for Brett Kavanaugh?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-never-tried-case-law-clerk	When President George W. Bush nominated him to the DC Circuit in 2003, Brett Kavanaugh had never tried a case in court and was promoted from a law clerk to a judgeship.	Did Brett Kavanaugh ‘Never Try a Case’ Before Being Promoted from Law Clerk to Federal Judge?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-raped-immigrant-abortion	"Judge Brett Kavanaugh once ruled that a teenage immigrant who had been raped must take time to ""think maturely"" before undergoing an abortion."	Did Brett Kavanaugh Rule That a Raped Immigrant Teen Must Delay Her Abortion in Order to ‘Think About it Maturely’?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaugh-wasted-photo	A photograph shows a young Brett Kavanaugh passed out from too much alcohol.	Is This a Photograph of a Wasted Brett Kavanaugh?
vclaim-sno-brett-kavanaughs-children-harassed	Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh's children were escorted from Senate chambers as a result of being harassed by hecklers during his confirmation hearing.	Were Brett Kavanaugh’s Children Escorted from a Senate Hearing Room Because They Were Harassed by Hecklers?
vclaim-sno-brevity-the-soul-of-twit	Student aces essay exam by combining all required elements into one short paragraph.	Short Essay
vclaim-sno-breyers-ice-cream-melt	Breyers ice cream doesn't melt.	Does Breyers Ice Cream Not Melt?
vclaim-sno-brian-chontosh	Marine Capt. Brian R. Chontosh of Rochester, New York, received the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism in Iraq.	Brian Chontosh — Navy Cross
vclaim-sno-brian-kemp-mother-kkk	A photograph shows Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp and his mother dressed in KKK garb.	Is This a Photo of Georgia Gov. Kemp and His Mother in KKK Garb?
vclaim-sno-brian-kilmeade-invasion	"TV host Brian Kilmeade said, “If you use the term 'This is an invasion,' that's not anti-Hispanic. It's a fact."""	Did Fox Host Brian Kilmeade Say the Term ‘Invasion’ Is ‘Not Anti-Hispanic. It’s a Fact’?
vclaim-sno-brian-may-astrophysicist	Brian May, the lead guitarist for the band Queen, is also an astrophysicist.	Is Brian May from Queen an Astrophysicist?
vclaim-sno-brian-peppers	Photograph shows a man named Brian Peppers, who was a registered sex offender in Ohio.	Brian Peppers
vclaim-sno-brian-s-freeman-soleimani-iraq	Qassem Soleimani commanded forces that killed five U.S. service members, including Capt. Brian S. Freeman, in an attack in Karbala, Iraq, in January 2007.	Did Soleimani Command Forces That Killed U.S. Capt. Brian S. Freeman?
vclaim-sno-brick-housed	Gang members in Oklahoma City looking to rob or kill random victims throw rocks or bricks at cars in hope of getting motorists to stop.	Thrown Brick Gang Activity
vclaim-sno-bride-beaded-dress	Photographs show a bride wearing a revealing beaded dress.	Do These Photographs Show a Bride in a Revealing Beaded Dress?
vclaim-sno-bridesmaid-revisited	"Common usage of the phrase ""Always a bridesmaid but never a bride"" originated with an advertising campaign for Listerine mouthwash."	Always a Bridesmaid, Never a Bride
vclaim-sno-bridezilla	Bride-to-be sends over-the-top list of instructions to her attendants.	Bridezilla
vclaim-sno-bridge-on-the-river-styx	A woman killed her husband over his bidding and play of a bridge hand in 1929.	The Bennett Bridge Murder
vclaim-sno-bridges-over-troubled-waters	Bridge reconstruction contracts in the U.S., including repairs on the	U.S. Bridge Contracts Going to the Chinese
vclaim-sno-brightons-christmas-lights	A video shows holiday lights in Brighton that incorporated rude images and messages.	Is There a Problem with Brighton’s Christmas Lights?
vclaim-sno-bring-your-bible-to-school-day	"President Donald Trump declared 4 October ""Bring Your Bible to School Day."""	Did President Trump Declare 4 October ‘Bring Your Bible to School Day’?
vclaim-sno-bringing-a-gun-to-a-knife-fight	President Obama once said that if your opponents bring a (rhetorical) knife to a fight, you should bring a gun.	Bringing a Gun to a Knife Fight
vclaim-sno-bringing-down-the-mouse	Image shows a poster for an upcoming film biography of Walt Disney.	Walt Disney Film Poster
vclaim-sno-bringing-home-the-browns	Prayers are requested for Heather Brown, who remains in a coma after giving birth to a son.	Bringing Home the Browns
vclaim-sno-bristol-palin-artists-inauguration-love-trump	"Bristol Palin said performers were afraid performing a his inauguration would cause them to ""fall in love"" with Donald Trump."	Did Bristol Palin Say Artists Won’t Play Inauguration for Fear of Falling in Love with Trump?
vclaim-sno-bristol-palin-black-people	Bristol Palin said all black actors look alike, making Oscar nominees difficult to diversify.	Bristol Palin Said All Black Actors Look Alike?
vclaim-sno-british-accredited-registry-bar	"In the United States, the lawyers' ""bar"" stands for ""British Accredited Registry"" and is part of a property-grabbing conspiracy."	Does the ‘Bar’ in ‘Bar Exam’ Denote a Secret Lawyers’ Conspiracy?
vclaim-sno-british-mom-co-sleeping-custody	A British mother lost custody of her children because she ignored warnings about 'co-sleeping' with her children.	Did a British Mom Lose Custody of Her Kids for ‘Co-Sleeping’?
vclaim-sno-british-refugees-welcome-sign	A photograph shows a sign hanging from the Palacio Cibeles in Madrid, Spain, welcoming British refugees.	‘British Refugees Welcome’ Sign on Madrid Building
vclaim-sno-britney-spears-dumas	"In Britney Spears' 1998 hit song ""... Baby One More Time,"" the line beginning ""my loneliness is killing me"" was an English translation of ""ma solitude me tue, j’avoue que je continue de croire"" in French author Alexandre Dumas' novel, ""The Count of Monte Cristo."""	Was This Britney Spears Lyric Originally Written by Alexandre Dumas?
vclaim-sno-brittany-l-leopard	"A photograph shows a woman named ""Brittany L"" on a hunting expedition, holding a recently-killed leopard."	Does This Photograph Show ‘Brittany L’ After Killing a Leopard?
vclaim-sno-brock-turner-beaten-by-flash-mob	After his release from prison, Brock Turner was beaten by a dildo-wielding flash mob.	Brock Turner Beaten with Sex Toys by Flash Mob
vclaim-sno-brock-turner-prison-pool	An Olympic pool was installed at a prison for Stanford swimmer Brock Turner.	Jail Installs New Olympic-Sized Swimming Pool for Stanford Rapist
vclaim-sno-brock-turners-father-no-punishment	Brock Turner's father lamented that that the victim in his son's sexual assault case received no punishment.	Brock Turner’s Father: ‘The Girl Got No Punishment for Being a Slut’
vclaim-sno-brokeback-mountain-remake	The movie 'Brokeback Mountain' is being remade with with Margot Robbie and Emma Watson in the lead roles.	Is a Lesbian ‘Brokeback Mountain’ Remake Confirmed for 2017?
vclaim-sno-broken-axl	Singer Axl Rose was found dead in his West Hollywood home.	Guns N’ Roses Frontman Axl Rose Found Dead in West Hollywood Home at Age 52
vclaim-sno-broken-link	Scientists have recently documented a conclusive link between autism and agricultural pesticides.	Autism Conclusively Linked to Agricultural Pesticides
vclaim-sno-broken-record	Killed Ferguson, Missouri, teen Michael Brown had a lengthy arrest record.	Mike Brown's Arrest Record
vclaim-sno-brooke-baldwin-military-authority	"CNN reporter Brooke Baldwin said ""don't hire veterans, they can't be trusted with authority."""	Did CNN’s Brooke Baldwin Say Military Veterans Can’t Be Trusted with Authority?
vclaim-sno-brooke-shields-nude-child-photo	Playboy published nude photographs of 10-year-old actress Brooke Shields.	Was Brooke Shields Photographed Nude at 10 Years Old?
vclaim-sno-brooklyn-refusing-vaccinate-pets	People in Brooklyn are refusing to vaccinate their pets based on fears created by the anti-vaccine movement.	Are People in Brooklyn Refusing to Vaccinate Their Pets Over Autism Fears?
vclaim-sno-broom-hilda	A coed fatally skewers herself while masturbating with a broom handle.	Broom Death
vclaim-sno-broom-standing-gravitational-pull	A special astronomical property allows brooms to be stood on end during particular days of the year.	Does ‘Gravitational Pull’ Allow Brooms to Stand on End on Certain Days?
vclaim-sno-brothel-laws-sororities	"Sororities are outlawed on certain campuses because local ""brothel laws"" prohibit more than a specified number of females from living together."	Do Brothel Laws Outlaw College Sororities?
vclaim-sno-brother-and-sister-new-jersey	A New Jersey brother and sister were allowed to marry after a 10-year court battle.	Were a New Jersey Brother and Sister Allowed to Marry After Lengthy Court Battle?
vclaim-sno-broward-county-blank-ballots	A Broward County employee witnessed elections staff filling out blank absentee ballots.	Did a Broward County Employee Witness Elections Staff Filling Out Blank Ballots?
vclaim-sno-broward-county-fraud-voters-votes	The number of ballots cast in Broward County in the 2018 general election was greater than the number of voters registered there.	Did Broward County Record More Votes Than Registered Voters in November 2018?
vclaim-sno-brown-out-2	Mrs. James Brown once tried to beat traffic charges by claiming she was entitled to diplomatic immunity for being married to the “ambassador of soul.”	Mrs. James Brown Claims Diplomatic Immunity
vclaim-sno-brown-out	Van Halen's standard performance contract contained a provision calling for them to be provided backstage with a bowl of M&Ms from which all the brown candies had been removed.	Did Van Halen’s Concert Contract Require the Removal of Brown M&Ms?
vclaim-sno-brown-pants	Abercrombie & Fitch is offering “nigger brown” pants for sale.	Abercrombie & Fitch N****** Brown Pants
vclaim-sno-brown-recluse-spiders-amazon	Brown recluse spiders inside Amazon and Chewy delivery boxes are infesting homes.	Are Brown Recluse Spiders Hiding in Amazon Delivery Boxes?
vclaim-sno-brown-recuse	St. Louis prosecutor Robert McCulloch runs a charity called Backstoppers that sold “I support	Robert McCulloch Sold Fundraising T-Shirts for Darren Wilson?
vclaim-sno-brown-shirts	Ralph Lauren clothiers is offering “nigger brown” shirts for sale.	Is Ralph Lauren Selling N****** Brown Shirts?
vclaim-sno-brownie-points	A store in Colorado accepts food stamps towards the purchase of food items containing marijuana.	Colorado Pot Shop Accepting Food Stamps – Taxpayer Funded Marijuana for Welfare Recipients
vclaim-sno-bruce-lee-elvis-dojo	A photograph shows Elvis Presley posing with Bruce Lee.	Bruce Lee and Elvis Presley in a Dojo?
vclaim-sno-bruce-lee-ping-pong	A video clip shows martial arts star Bruce Lee expertly playing ping-pong using nunchaku rather than a paddle.	Did Bruce Lee Play Ping-Pong with Nunchaku?
vclaim-sno-bruce-springsteen-attacks-donald-trump-on-twitter	"Bruce Springsteen called Donald Trump an ""asshole"" on Twitter, signing off with the pro-Clinton hashtag #ImWithHer."	Bruce Springsteen Attacks Donald Trump on Twitter
vclaim-sno-bruce-springsteen-bathroom-law	Bruce Springsteen cancelled a show in Greensboro, North Carolina, over the state's so-called 'bathroom law.'	Bruce Springsteen Cancels North Carolina Concert Over ‘Bathroom Law’
vclaim-sno-bruce-springsteen-trump-letter	Bruce Springsteen wrote an open letter apologizing for letting Donald Trump become president.	Did Bruce Springsteen Pen a Letter Apologizing for Letting Trump Win the Presidency?
vclaim-sno-bruce39s-story	Magazine cover photo shows former Olympian Bruce Jenner transitioning to becoming a woman.	Bruce Jenner IS Transitioning to Becoming a Woman?
vclaim-sno-brunei-stoning-laws	In 2019, Brunei confirmed their intention to introduce new laws that included a penalty of death by stoning for gay sex.	Did Brunei Announce a Law to Punish ‘Gay Sex’ with Death By Stoning?
vclaim-sno-bruno-jackson	A DNA test confirmed Michael Jackson was the biological father of musician Bruno Mars.	DNA Results Confirm Michael Jackson Is Biological Father of Bruno Mars.
vclaim-sno-brussels-attack-video-fake	"A video shows the ""moment the explosion"" of a terrorist attack occurred in the Brussels airport on 22 March 2016. ."	Misidentified Footage Circulated as ‘Brussels Attack Video’
vclaim-sno-bubba-watson-blm	Bubba Watson composed a widely shared message that criticized Black Lives Matter and included various conservative talking points.	Did Golfer Bubba Watson Write an Anti-BLM Facebook Post?
vclaim-sno-bubble-buoyed	Rubbing lip balm on a Scantron test sheet will produce a perfect score.	Does Lip Balm Work as a Scantron Test Hack?
vclaim-sno-bubble-tea-pearls-in-stomach	An X-ray shows hundreds of bubble tea pearls inside a teenage girl's stomach.	Does an X-Ray Show Hundreds of Bubble Tea Pearls in a Teen’s Stomach?
vclaim-sno-buccaneers-refused-white-house	The Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Super Bowl LV champions, refused an invite to the White House by U.S. President Joe Biden.	Did Tampa Bay Buccaneers Refuse Invitation to ‘Stolen’ White House?
vclaim-sno-buck-fifty	Gang initiates in New Jersey are slashing victims’ faces to “get a buck fifty.”	Buck Fifty Gang Initiation in New Jersey
vclaim-sno-buckeye-ballot-bus	A bus found in Buckeye, Arizona, was filled with missing Arizona voting machines.	Was a Bus Full of Missing Voting Machines Found in Buckeye, Arizona?
vclaim-sno-bud-day	Message by Col. Bud Day expresses his viewpoint on the use of torture.	Col. Bud Day on Torture
vclaim-sno-bud-light-anniversary-free-24-pack-facebook-offer	Bud Light is giving away free 24-packs of beer to Facebook users to celebrate the company's anniversary.	Bud Light ‘Anniversary’ Free 24-Pack Facebook Offer
vclaim-sno-buddhist-rampage-in-india	Buddhist extremists in India plan to burn down 200 churches and kill 200 missionaries within 24 hours.	Are Buddhist Extremists in India Burning Churches?
vclaim-sno-buddy-ebsen	Buddy Ebsen was slated to play the Tin Woodman in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz, but he had to be replaced after the aluminum makeup used with his costume made him gravely ill.	Was Buddy Ebsen the Original ‘Wizard of Oz’ Tin Man?
vclaim-sno-buddy-holly-crickets-name	"Buddy Holly's group named themselves ""The Crickets"" because the sound of a chirping cricket accidentally appeared on one of their recordings."	Buddy Holly and The Crickets
vclaim-sno-budget-cuts	Item provides a list of “Paul Ryan’s proposed budget cuts.”	The Real Story on Paul Ryan’s Proposed Budget Cuts
vclaim-sno-budweiser-911-celebration	A Budweiser employee who saw Arabs celebrating the 9/11 attacks at a convenience store pulled all the company's product from that store.	Did Budweiser Pull Their Product from a Store Where Arabs Celebrated the 9/11 Attacks?
vclaim-sno-budweiser-changing-name-america	"Budweiser is changing its name to ""America."""	Budweiser Changing Its Name to ‘America’
vclaim-sno-budweiser-get-her-drunk	"An image shows a vintage Budweiser beer ad bearing the tagline ""when you need to get her drunk."""	‘When You Need to Get Her Drunk’
vclaim-sno-budweiser-opt-out-super-bowl-ads	As the pandemic pressed on into the first month of 2021, Budweiser manufacturer Anheuser-Busch announced it would forgo Super Bowl advertising and allocate funding to COVID-19 vaccination awareness and education instead.	Did Budweiser Announce Plan To Opt Out of Super Bowl Ads in 2021?
vclaim-sno-budweiser-pull-advertising-nfl-national-anthem-protest	Budweiser stopped advertising with the NFL due to the controversy over players kneeling in protest during the national anthem.	Did Budweiser Pull Advertising from the NFL Over National Anthem Protests?
vclaim-sno-budweiser-tribute	A video clip shows a Budweiser tribute to the victims of 9/11 that was only aired once.	Budweiser 9/11 Tribute
vclaim-sno-buffalo-wild-wings-anthem	"On 11 September 2017, a worker at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Eastvale, California, turned down the volume on the national anthem before an NFL game, saying it was ""divisive."""	Did a Buffalo Wild Wings Worker Turn Down the National Anthem Because It Is ‘Divisive’?
vclaim-sno-buffalo39d-dam	Photographs show bighorn sheep on the face of the Buffalo Bill Dam in Wyoming.	Bighorn Sheep on Buffalo Bill Dam
vclaim-sno-buffet-eating-all-they-could	George Dalmon and Andy Miles were kicked out of a Mongolian barbecue buffet because they ate too much.	Two Men Kicked Out of an All-You-Can-Eat Restaurant for Eating All They Could?
vclaim-sno-bug-spray-high	"Health officials have seen a surge in the number of people using ""bug spray"" to get high."	Is Using ‘Bug Spray’ to Get High an Alarming New Trend?
vclaim-sno-bugs-bunny-bathtub	A 1942 Merrie Melodies cartoon includes a glimpse of Bug Bunny's phallus.	Is Bugs Bunny’s Phallus Visible in a Merrie Melodies Cartoon?
vclaim-sno-bugs-chef-boyardee-mini-ravioli	A viral video shows bugs inside of a can of Chef Boyardee Mini Raviolis.	Were Bugs Found in a Can of Chef Boyardee Mini Raviolis?
vclaim-sno-builders-foam-hair	A photograph shows a woman who mistakenly used expanding foam insulation on her hair instead of hair mousse.	Did This Woman Confuse Spray Foam Insulation for Mousse?
vclaim-sno-buju-banton-death-hoax	Reggae musician Buju Banton killed himself in prison.	Buju Banton Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-bull-marketed	Red Bull energy drink contains a banned, government-manufactured stimulant linked to the formation of brain tumors.	Red Bull Is Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-bull-scorn	Radio host Dr. Laura Schlessinger stated during a broadcast that pit bulls in an animal shelter were  “taking up space” and that they should all be “put down.”	Dr. Laura on Pit Bulls
vclaim-sno-bull-shark-kentucky-lake	A nine-foot-long bull shark was found in Kentucky Lake.	Bull Shark Spotted in Kentucky Lake?
vclaim-sno-bull-ship	Photographs show a bull being transported in an automobile.	Bull Transported by Automobile
vclaim-sno-bull-snort	Some German states have banned Red Bull’s ‘Simply Cola’ drink after claiming it contains trace amounts of cocaine.	Red Bull Cocaine
vclaim-sno-bull-warning-sign-field	A photograph shows a humorous sign warning people not to cross a field due to the presence of a bull.	Is a ‘Do Not Cross This Field’ Bull Warning Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-bulldog-saves-sleeping-children	A family dog saved sleeping young children from sexual abuse by biting off an intruder's genitals.	Did a Bulldog Bite Off a Pedophile’s Penis as He Tried to Rape Sleeping Children?
vclaim-sno-bullet-anoints	FSU student Jason Derfuss survived a campus shooting after a bullet intended for him lodged in a book he was carrying in his backpack.	FSU Student Saved by a Book
vclaim-sno-bullet-point	Mark Kelly purchased an AR-15 rifle the day after	Gabby Giffords’ Husband Mark Kelly Buys AR-15
vclaim-sno-bullet-proof-backpacks	A photograph shows a bulletproof backpack available for sale at a store in the United States.	Are Bulletproof Backpacks Being Sold in U.S. Stores?
vclaim-sno-bullet-whole	The Social Security Administration (SSA) and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are buying arms as preparation for civil unrest.	Are SSA and DHS Buying Bullets in Preparation for Civil Unrest?
vclaim-sno-bulls-eye-logo	Lucky Strike cigarettes changed from a green package to a white one during the 1940s in order to aid the war effort.	Lucky Strike Logo Color Change
vclaim-sno-bumble-bee-tuna-recall-human	A recall was issued for Bumble Bee Tuna after human remains were found in the product.	Did Bumblebee Recall Tuna Contaminated with Human Remains?
vclaim-sno-bumblebees-cant-fly	Scientists once proved that bumblebees can’t fly.	Bumblebees Can’t Fly
vclaim-sno-bump-and-crime	Houston police are looking for robbers who use their vehicles to bump the cars of their victims.	Car Bump Scam
vclaim-sno-bump-keys	Some residence locks are vulnerable to unauthorized entry through the use of “bump keys.”	Bump Keys
vclaim-sno-bump-truck	Video shows a truck pushing an automobile trapped in front of its grille.	Lorry Pushes Car
vclaim-sno-bungee-whiz-2	Video clip shows a hapless bungee jumper get his head bitten off by a crocodile.	Bungee Jumper Eaten by Crocodile
vclaim-sno-bungled-rescue	Firemen successfully rescue a stranded cat, then run over it as they are leaving.	Bungled Cat Rescue
vclaim-sno-bunny-toy-photograph	A photograph shows a palm-sized rabbit.	Is This Palm-Sized Bunny Real?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-admits-burgers-contain-horsemeat	"The Burger King fast food chain ""admitted it has been selling burgers that contain horsemeat."""	Did Burger King Admit Their Burgers Contain Horsemeat?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-adult-meal	"Burger King has introduced a new ""adult meal"" for Valentine's Day that includes a sex toy."	Is Burger King Distributing ‘Adult Meals’ and Toys for Valentine’s Day?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-customers-manager	"Two customers in a Florida Burger King restaurant told the manager to ""go back to your Mexican country."""	Did Burger King Customers Tell Manager to ‘Go Back to Your Mexican Country’?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-logo-new	Burger King unveiled a new logo for its brand in 2021.	Did Burger King Unveil a New Logo?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-sharia-law	"Burger King has ""bowed to Sharia law"" and will no longer serve bacon at their restaurants."	Burger King Bows to Sharia Law?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-tweet-women-kitchen	"Burger King inappropriately tweeted the message ""Women belong in the kitchen"" on International Women's Day."	Did Burger King Tweet ‘Women Belong in the Kitchen’?
vclaim-sno-burger-king-vouchers-scam	Burger King is offering free food vouchers for inviting friends on Facebook.	Burger King Vouchers Scam
vclaim-sno-burglars-return-stolen-computers	Burglars returned stolen computers to a group helping rape survivors after realizing whom they'd robbed.	Burglars Return Stolen Computers to Rape Crisis Center
vclaim-sno-buried-pleasure	Bonobos and dolphins are the only animals other than humans who engage in sex for pleasure.	Buried Pleasure
vclaim-sno-buried-treasures	Muslim girls buried alive by their father are fed and comforted by Jesus until rescuers come for them.	Were Muslim Girls Buried Alive by Their Father, Then Fed and Comforted by Jesus?
vclaim-sno-buried-woman-stoned-photo	A photograph shows a woman buried up to her neck jsut before being stoned to death in Iran.	Does This Photograph Show a Woman About to Be Stoned to Death in Iran?
vclaim-sno-burka-barbie	Mattel has released a burka Barbie doll for the toy’s 50th anniversary.	Burka Barbie Dolls.
vclaim-sno-burn-zinc-batteries-fireplace	An image shows a magazine DIY tip from the 1950s instructing readers to burn zinc batteries in the fireplace in order to prevent soot formation and produce colorful flames is real.	Were Homeowners Encouraged to Burn Batteries to Prevent Chimney Soot?
vclaim-sno-burned-dog-facebook-photo	A photograph shows a dog with a badly burned face suffered when the canine rescued its family from a fire.	Does This Photograph Show a Dog Burned While Rescuing Its Family?
vclaim-sno-burned-tree-spaghetti-pattern	A photograph shows an unusual, spaghetti-looking wood pattern beneath the bark of a burned tree.	Is This a Burned Tree with Spaghetti-Patterned Wood Inside?
vclaim-sno-burning-bush	Former president George W. Bush was arrested in Dallas for cocaine possession.	Was George W. Bush Arrested for Cocaine Possession?
vclaim-sno-burning-sage-kill-bacteria	A 2007 study showed burning sage kills 94% of bacteria.	Does Burning Sage Eliminate Airborne Bacteria?
vclaim-sno-burundangascopolamine-warning	Criminals in the U.S. are using burundanga-soaked business cards to incapacitate their victims.	Burundanga/Scopolamine Warning
vclaim-sno-bury-go-round	Child on amusement park ride is fatally bitten by snakes lurking within.	Did a Snake Kill a Child on a Ride?
vclaim-sno-bus-crash-super-tuesday	A bus that crashed in Texas was found to be carrying undocumented persons into the state to support Joe Biden during a primary election.	Was a Crashed Bus Carrying Non-Citizens to Texas to Vote for Biden?
vclaim-sno-bus-fuss	The bus used by President Obama during a tour to talk up job creation in the U.S. was built in Canada.	Obama Canadian Bus
vclaim-sno-bush-bust	Message solicits contributions for a statue of President George W. Bush.	The President’s Statue and the Promised Land
vclaim-sno-bush-clinton-note	Outgoing President George H.W. Bush left a note welcoming incoming President Bill Clinton to the White House in 1993.	George H.W. Bush Left a Note for Bill Clinton
vclaim-sno-bush-nra-resignation	In 1995, former president George H.W. Bush resigned as a Life Member of the NRA.	Did George H.W. Bush Resign from the NRA?
vclaim-sno-bush-scanner-demonstration	"During a photo opportunity at a 1992 grocers' convention, President George Bush was ""amazed"" at encountering supermarket scanners for the first time."	Was President George H.W. Bush ‘Amazed’ by a Grocery Scanner?
vclaim-sno-bush-upside-book	A photograph captures President George W. Bush holding a book upside-down in a classroom.	Does This Photograph Show President Bush Reading a Book Upside-Down?
vclaim-sno-bush-votes-for-obama	George W. Bush accidentally voted for Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential election.	Bush Votes for Obama
vclaim-sno-bushs-baked-beans-recall	Cans of Bush's Baked Beans are being recalled because the cans may have defective side seams.	Are Bush’s Baked Beans Being Recalled?
vclaim-sno-bust-up	The brassiere was invented by Otto Titzling.	Brassiere and Otto Titzling
vclaim-sno-busy-intersection-video	A video shows a busy intersection with numerous pedestrians and cyclists safely weaving through a stream of vehicular traffic.	Does This Video Show a Crazily Busy Intersection?
vclaim-sno-buttagieg-late-term-abortion	A transcript reproduces Pete Buttigieg's response when he was asked whether there should be any temporal limit on a woman's right to have an abortion.	Is This Pete Buttigieg’s Defense of Late-Term Abortions?
vclaim-sno-butter-battle	The artificial butter flavoring used in microwave popcorn poses a danger of lung damage to ordinary consumers.	Danger from Microwave Popcorn Butter Flavoring
vclaim-sno-butter-coma	A food writer lapsed into a butter-induced coma after consuming 413 Red Lobster biscuits.	Man in Coma After Eating 413 Red Lobster Biscuits
vclaim-sno-buttered-rolls	Rolls-Royce dispatches a special mechanic to aid a stranded motorist, then afterwards disavows the incident, claiming “Our cars never break down.”	Rolls-Royce Special Assistance
vclaim-sno-butthole-cut-of-the-movie-cats	"The original cut of the movie ""Cats"" featured several shots of CGI cat buttholes."	Does the Movie ‘Cats’ Have a ‘Butthole Cut’?
vclaim-sno-butthole-surfing-robot	Purdue University engineers developed a magnetic hair-sized robot that is capable of transporting pharmaceutical drugs throughout the colons of mice and pigs after entering through the anus.	Does a Video Show a ‘Butthole’ Surfing Robot?
vclaim-sno-buttigieg-campaign-donation	"""Russian-linked oligarch"" Len Blavatnik donated to Pete Buttigieg's 2020 U.S. presidential campaign."	Did a ‘Russian-Linked Oligarch’ Fund Pete Buttigieg’s Presidential Campaign?
vclaim-sno-buttigieg-chick-fil-a	Democratic presidential contender Pete Buttigieg is planning an anti-Chick-fil-A protest.	Is Pete Buttigieg Planning an Anti-Chick-fil-A Protest?
vclaim-sno-buttigieg-dogs-clipping	A 16-year-old Pete Buttigieg was arrested for killing several dogs.	Was a Teenaged Pete Buttigieg Arrested for Killing Dogs?
vclaim-sno-buttigieg-father-marxist	"Joseph Buttigieg was a ""Marxist professor"" who ""lauded"" and ""spoke fondly"" of ""The Communist Manifesto"" written by Friedrich Engels and Karl Marx."	Was Pete Buttigieg’s Father a Marxist Who Spoke Fondly of ‘Communist Manifesto’?
vclaim-sno-buttigieg-grenell-lgbt-cabinet	In late 2020, news websites reported that Pete Buttigieg would become the first openly LGBT Cabinet member after previously describing Richard Grenell in the same way.	Did Websites Report That Both Buttigieg and Grenell Were ‘First’ LGBT Cabinet Members?
vclaim-sno-buzz-aldrin-moon-admission	Buzz Aldrin admitted in an exchange captured on video that he never went to the moon.	Did Buzz Aldrin Admit That He Never Went to the Moon?
vclaim-sno-buzz-aldrin-tweeted-we-are-all-in-danger-it-is-evil-itself	"Astronaut Buzz Aldrin sent a tweet claiming that humanity was in danger, and that a mysterious ""it"" was ""evil itself."""	Buzz Aldrin Tweeted ‘We are all in Danger, it is Evil Itself’?
vclaim-sno-buzzfeed-white-people-guns	BuzzFeed News published a story calling for guns to be taken away from white people.	Did BuzzFeed Advocate for Taking Away White People’s Guns?
vclaim-sno-bvd-underwear-name	Men's underwear is referred to as 'BVDs' because the term is an abbreviation of the phrase 'Boy's Ventilated Drawers.'	Why Is Men’s Underwear Called ‘BVDs’?
vclaim-sno-by-look-or-crook	Driver who stops to pick up two hitchhikers — one dangerous-looking and the other wholesome in appearance — learns about judging books by their covers.	Two Hitchhikers
vclaim-sno-bye-bye-birdie	A match used to splint a budgie’s injured leg ignites and causes the bird to explode.	Budgie and Canary Mishaps
vclaim-sno-c-130	Photograph shows a C-130 transport dropping anti-missile flares.	C-130 Flares
vclaim-sno-c-span-video-joe-biden-ukraine	"A C-SPAN video shows former Vice President Joe Biden confessing that he ""bribed"" Ukraine to drop the Burisma investigation."	Does a C-SPAN Video Show Joe Biden ‘Confessing to Bribery’?
vclaim-sno-c3p0-trading-card	A Star Wars trading card was altered to depict the droid C-3P0 with an oversized penis.	Risqué ‘Star Wars’ C-3P0 Trading Card
vclaim-sno-ca-democrats-lgbtq-bill-pedophiles	California Senate Bill 145, signed into law by Gov. Gavin Newsom in September 2020, shields pedophiles who rape children from having to register as sex offenders.	Did California Pass a Law Protecting Pedophiles Who Rape Children?
vclaim-sno-ca-gop-ballot-drop-boxes	The California Republican Party set up unauthorized drop-boxes for mail-in ballots.	Did California Republicans Set Up Fake Ballot Drop Boxes?
vclaim-sno-ca-pedophiles-minimum-marry	"California upheld the ""right"" of pedophiles to marry children as young as 10 years old."	Did California Uphold the ‘Right’ of Pedophiles to Marry 10-Year-Olds?
vclaim-sno-cabal	The word ‘cabal’ is an acronym formed from the names of five ministers to	Cabal
vclaim-sno-cabbage-memo	A government memo regulating the sale of cabbages ran close to 27,000 words.	Are Government Regulations for Cabbage 27,000 Words Long?
vclaim-sno-cabbage-patch-death-certificates	Instead of repairing damaged Cabbage Patch dolls returned to them by hopeful little kids, Coleco cold-heartedly mailed back official-looking “death certificates” for each doll.	Cabbage Patch Death Certificates
vclaim-sno-cable-boxed	Television service  providers charge tornado victims for lost equipment and early contract cancellations.	Joplin Tornado Victims Charged $500 by DIRECTV?
vclaim-sno-cache-and-carry	A pregnant woman was detained by security at a sporting goods store on suspicion that she was trying to shoplift a basketball.	Pregnant Woman Accused of Shoplifting a Basketball
vclaim-sno-cache-point	The plastic strip embedded in U.S. bank notes enable the Feds to tell how much money you have on you.	Strip in U.S. Banknote
vclaim-sno-cactus-attacked-us	A cactus can explode and spew baby tarantulas everywhere.	Spiders in Cactus
vclaim-sno-cadbury-banned-easter	"Cadbury has entirely eliminated use of the word ""Easter"" on the packaging of their chocolate candy products."	Did Cadbury Candies Eliminate the Word ‘Easter’?
vclaim-sno-cadbury-free-chocolate-hampers	The confectionery company Cadbury is giving away hampers filled with chocolate to people who like and share content on Facebook.	Is Cadbury Giving Away Hampers of Chocolate?
vclaim-sno-cadbury-gay-kiss	A petition that circulated in mid-February 2021 sought the withdrawal of a so-called “disgusting and off-putting” Cadbury egg advertisement featuring a same-sex couple.	Did Same-Sex Kiss in Cadbury Ad Spark Angry Petition?
vclaim-sno-cadbury-hiv-arrest	A worker at Cadbury plant was arrested for contaminating the company's products with HIV-infected blood.	Are Cadbury Products Contaminated with HIV?
vclaim-sno-caesar-salad	Caesar salad was invented by (or named for) Julius Caesar.	Origins of Caesar Salad
vclaim-sno-cair-memorial-day-terrorists	"The Council for American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) wants to cancel Memorial Day and replace it with a holiday honoring ""Muslim terrorists."""	CAIR Wants to Change Memorial Day to Honor Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-cair-muslims-above-law	CAIR leader Mustafaa Carroll said that Muslims are above the law of the land and Sharia law supersedes the U.S. constitution	Did a CAIR Leader Say That ‘Muslims Are Above the Law’?
vclaim-sno-caitlin-serena	"Caitlyn Jenner said that ""I look more feminine than Serena Williams."""	Feminine Double-Speak
vclaim-sno-caitlin-teagart	The parents of brain-dead teen Caitlin Teagart plan to euthanize her because she is only capable of texting and rolling her eyes.	Are Parents Euthanizing a Daughter Who Only Rolls Her Eyes and Texts?
vclaim-sno-caitlyn-jenner-sports-illustrated	Caitlyn Jenner will pose nude on the cover of 'Sports Illustrated.'	Caitlyn Jenner to Do Nude ‘Sports Illustrated’ Cover
vclaim-sno-caitlyn-serena	"Caitlyn Jenner said that ""I look more feminine than Serena Williams."""	Feminine Double-Speak
vclaim-sno-cakes-and-ale	Student sitting for exam requests cakes and ale under a centuries-old university regulation.	Did a Student Demand ‘Cakes and Ale’ During a Test?
vclaim-sno-caleb-lee-pizza-hut	A man named Caleb Lee asked for a military discount and was berated by a Pizza Hut manager for his purported sense of entitlement.	Did a Pizza Hut Manager Disparage U.S. Servicemembers?
vclaim-sno-calgary-man-slices-off-penis-attach-razor-blade-fidget-spinner	A Calgary man cut off his penis after attaching razor blades to a fidget spinner.	Calgary Man Slices Off Penis After Attaching Razor Blade to Fidget Spinner?
vclaim-sno-calico-buck	Photographs show an unusually colored buck taken by a hunter.	Calico Buck
vclaim-sno-calico-mine-ride-knotts	Two men were found living underneath the Calico Mine Ride at Knott's Berry Farm.	Were Two Men Found Living Under the Calico Mine Ride at Knott’s Berry Farm?
vclaim-sno-california-15-genders	"In 2019, California education authorities formulated a policy that, if implemented, would force parents to allow their children to be taught that ""there are 15 genders."""	Did California Attempt to Force Parents to Accept a Curriculum That Teaches Children ‘There Are 15 Genders’?
vclaim-sno-california-banned-45-acp-ammunition	California has banned a popular type of ammunition, the .45 ACP.	Has California Banned .45 ACP Ammunition?
vclaim-sno-california-bible-ban	Assembly Bill 2943 would prohibit the sale of Bibles in California.	Would a Proposed Law ‘Ban the Bible’ in California?
vclaim-sno-california-bill-enables-government-to-seize-children	A California Senate bill gives the state the right to seize children from their families	California Bill Enables Government to Seize Children?
vclaim-sno-california-bill-police-imitation-weapons	A California bill would unduly penalize police if they shot people carrying pellet guns or malfunctioning firearms.	Would a California Bill Stop Police From Shooting People Carrying ‘Imitation Weapons’?
vclaim-sno-california-burn-democrats	"Donald Trump Jr. said ""let California burn"" during an appearance on 'Tucker Carlson Tonight.'"	Did Donald Trump Jr. Say ‘Let California Burn’ Because They Voted for Democrats?
vclaim-sno-california-christians-must-register-bibles-assault-weapons	"California Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill into law requiring all Christians ""to register Bibles of all sizes, shapes, and translation version as 'assault weapons.'”"	California Christians Must Register Bibles as Assault Weapons?
vclaim-sno-california-college-students-castrating-trumps-wall	Two college students have vowed to remove their own penises to protest a planned U.S.-Mexico border wall.	Are California College Students Cutting Off Their Genitals Over Trump’s ‘Wall’ Plan?
vclaim-sno-california-da-becton-looting-need	"In internal guidelines, Contra Costa, California, District Attorney Diana Becton indicated that looting was acceptable and would not be prosecuted if a suspect ""needed"" what was stolen."	Did a California DA Say Looting Is ‘Okay’ If Suspects ‘Need’ What They Steal?
vclaim-sno-california-divert-dam-repair-funds	The state of California ignored structural issues with the Oroville dam and paid for programs to benefit undocumented people instead.	Did California Divert Dam Repair Funds to Programs for ‘Illegals’?
vclaim-sno-california-fires-drug-cartels-marijuana-farms	Officials say the October 2017 California wildfires were started by Mexican drug cartels in order to gain a strategic advantage over the legal marijuana industry.	Did ‘Mexican Drug Cartels’ Start the California Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-california-forbids-singing-covid	"California's governor ""forbids"" Christians from singing in church during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic."	Did California ‘Forbid’ Christians from Singing in Church?
vclaim-sno-california-government-pays-for-criminals-to-take-vacations	The state of California pays criminals not to kill and sends them on free vacations.	California Government Pays for Criminals to Take Vacations?
vclaim-sno-california-holiday-rules	A meme circulating on Facebook depicts California's official COVID-19 rules for Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday gatherings in 2020.	Are These Calif.’s Mandatory Rules for Christmas/Thanksgiving Gatherings?
vclaim-sno-california-ikea-trafficking	A Southern California mom experienced a near-miss abduction of her daughter by human traffickers at a local IKEA store.	Narrow Brush with Human Traffickers at a Southern California IKEA?
vclaim-sno-california-laundry-and-shower	It's now against the law in California to shower and do laundry on the same day.	Is It Now Against the Law in California to Shower and Do Laundry on the Same Day?
vclaim-sno-california-layoffs-covid	On the same day California announced it would provide some undocumented residents COVID-19 stimulus payments, it also announced it would lay off first responders because of a lack of funds.	Did Calif. Announce It Will Pay Undocumented Residents COVID-19 Stimulus While Laying Off First Responders?
vclaim-sno-california-manwich-ban	"In July 2019, the state of California banned the sale of Hunt's ""Manwich"" sauce, or the use of the word ""Manwich."""	Did California Ban Hunt’s ‘Manwich’ Sauce?
vclaim-sno-california-motor-voter-act	California has passed a law allowing undocumented residents to vote.	Did California Pass a Law Allowing Undocumented Immigrants to Vote in Federal Elections?
vclaim-sno-california-naacp-want-replace-national-anthem	"The California NAACP is seeking to replace ""The Star-Spangled Banner' as the national anthem of the United States due to concerns over its racist overtones and history."	Does the California NAACP Want to Replace the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-california-newborn-named-emoji	A California couple gave their newborn child an emoji for a name.	Did a California Newborn Become the First Child with an Emoji for a Name?
vclaim-sno-california-pastor-praises-orlando-massacre	"A California pastor praised the Orlando nightclub shooting, saying that it's a tragedy more homosexual ""predators"" and ""pedophiles"" didn't die."	California Pastor Praises Orlando Massacre
vclaim-sno-california-pedophilia-school	"In 2018 or 2019, Brea Olinda Unified School District in California ""taught pedophilia as a sexual orientation."""	Did a California Public School District ‘Teach Pedophilia as a Sexual Orientation’?
vclaim-sno-california-poster-girl	Video clip shows a woman discussing why California is the best state for obtaining public assistance benefits.	California Poster Girl
vclaim-sno-california-schools-gay-sex	California Governor Jerry Brown has mandated the use of gay pornography in elementary schools in order to teach children about LGBT sex.	Is California Governor Jerry Brown Mandating That Schools Show Students ‘Gay Sex’?
vclaim-sno-california-senate-ban-he-she	"The chairperson of a California state senate committee announced a rule change banning the use of the gendered pronouns ""he"" and ""she"" in committee hearings, in favor of the gender-neutral ""they."""	Did a California State Senate Committee Ban Saying ‘He’ and ‘She’?
vclaim-sno-california-senate-exempt-gun-laws	The California Senate voted 28-8 in favor of exempting lawmakers from the state's gun control regulations.	Did California Legislators Vote to Exempt Themselves from State’s Gun Laws?
vclaim-sno-california-separate-children-covid	A letter from California authorities warns that residents who receive state assistance benefits will no longer be eligible for them if they don't get tested for COVID-19; further, if parents test positive, children in their household who test negative will be placed in temporary foster care until their parents/guardians recover.	Is California Separating Children from Parents Who Have COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-california-sex-ed-parents	Parents in California are not allowed to pull their children out of sexual education classes.	Are California Parents Barred from Withdrawing Their Children from Sex Education?
vclaim-sno-california-tax-breathing	"Lawmakers in California have proposed a new law called the ""Check Your Oxygen Privilege Act."""	Is California Considering a Tax on Breathing?
vclaim-sno-california-teacher-military-members	"California schoolteacher Gregory Salcido called members of the United States military ""the lowest of our low"" during a classroom discussion."	Did a California Teacher Call Military Members ‘the Lowest of Our Low’?
vclaim-sno-california-text-tax	California plans to tax residents 5 cents per text message, with the money going toward free phones for undocumented immigrants.	Is California Imposing a 5-Cent Tax on Text Messages to Fund Free Phones for Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-california-to-jail-climate-change-skeptics	California legislators have made it illegal for anyone to deny climate change, under threat of jail time.	California to Jail Climate Change Skeptics
vclaim-sno-california-trump-presidents-day	The California Legislature cancelled the state's observance of Presidents Day to avoid honoring U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did the California Legislature Cancel Presidents Day?
vclaim-sno-california-unlawful-ballots	"The state of California issued ""unlawful"" mail-in ballots, and the outcome of the 2020 U.S. presidential election is in jeopardy."	Did California Issue ‘Unlawful’ Mail-In Ballots?
vclaim-sno-california-veterans-cemetery-modesto	California governor Jerry Brown is moving a veterans cemetery from San Francisco to Modesto to make way for low-income housing.	Is California Gov. Jerry Brown Moving a Veterans Cemetery to Make Way for Low-Income Housing?
vclaim-sno-california-wildfires-direct-energy	Destructive wildfires that raged on the West Coast in 2020 were started by direct energy weapons.	Were California Wildfires Started by Direct Energy Weapons?
vclaim-sno-california-wineries-newsom	California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s winery in Napa County remained open in July 2020 even as he ordered other wineries and businesses to close their indoor operations around the state.	Were CA Wineries Ordered to Close Indoor Operations While Newsom’s Remained Open?
vclaim-sno-california-wines-contain-dangerous-levels-arsenic	California wine contains dangerous levels of arsenic.	Do California Wines Contain Dangerous Levels of Arsenic?
vclaim-sno-californian-die-covid-19-vaccine	A California resident died hours after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.	Did a Californian Die Hours After Receiving COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-californias-governor-law-students-spanish	In May 2018, California Governor Jerry Brown signed a law requiring all students in the state to learn Spanish.	Did California’s Governor Sign a Law Requiring All Students to Learn Spanish?
vclaim-sno-call-112-police-emergency	Calling #77 or 112 on your cell phone will connect you to emergency services no matter where you are.	Should You Call #77 or 112 to Contact the Police in an Emergency?
vclaim-sno-call-girl-johns-daughter	The hooker sent to a john's room turns out to be his daughter.	Call Girl John’s Daughter
vclaim-sno-call-me-disbelieving-blondie	Deborah Harry was nearly abducted by serial killer Ted Bundy in New York and narrowly escaped with her life.	Was Blondie’s Deborah Harry Nearly Abducted by Ted Bundy?
vclaim-sno-call-of-duty-wwii-scene-tree	"An image showing two lynched men originated with the game ""Call of Duty: WWII."""	Does a ‘Call of Duty: WWII’ Still Show Two Men Hanging From a Tree?
vclaim-sno-call-police-new-guinea-flatworm	A recent invasion of New Guinea Flatworms in Florida poses a significant risk to human health and a sighting of this non-native animal should be reported to authorities by calling 911.	Should People Call the Police if They See a New Guinea Flatworm?
vclaim-sno-call-to-arms	Photograph shows Sarah Palin posing in a U.S. flag bikini while holding a rifle.	Sarah Palin ‘Cheesecake’ Photographs
vclaim-sno-call-to-scare	Duke University has announced the introduction of a weekly call to prayer for Muslim students on Friday afternoons.	Duke University’s Muslim Call to Prayer
vclaim-sno-caller-id	Avid bird watcher who returns the call of a rare bird finds he’s been exchanging warbles with another bird watcher.	Bird Watchers Call Each Other
vclaim-sno-calls-from-beyond	A man's cell phone placed calls to his loved ones after his demise.	Cell Phone Calls After Death
vclaim-sno-caltech-warning	Caltech sent its people home on	Caltech Earthquake Warning
vclaim-sno-calvin-and-hobbes-worlds-problems	"A ""Calvin and Hobbes"" strip questioning how ""soldiers killing each other solve's the worlds problems"" is real."	Is This a Real Calvin and Hobbes Cartoon?
vclaim-sno-cam-newton-arrested	"Carolina Panthers quarterbacl Cam Newton was arrested for ""fixing"" Super Bowl 50."	Cam Newton Arrested for Fixing Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-cam-newton-fined-giving-away-footballs	Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton has been fined a total of $253, 552 for giving away footballs to fans.	Has the NFL Fined Cam Newton $253,552 for Giving Away Footballs?
vclaim-sno-cambridge-caper	Photograph depicts an admissions rejection letter sent by Harvard College.	Harvard Rejection Letter
vclaim-sno-camels-crossing-the-sea	A video shows a group of camels swimming through the sea.	Camels Crossing the Sea?
vclaim-sno-camera-cell-phone-identity-theft	Thieves are using camera cell phones to capture credit card information.	Camera Cell Phone Identity Theft
vclaim-sno-camera-obscura	Video clip reveals that a digital TV converter harbors a hidden camera and microphone.	Camera Obscura
vclaim-sno-cameraman-eaten-alive-sunfish	A National Geographic cameraman was eaten alive by a giant ocean sunfish.	National Geographic Camerman Eaten Alive During Shooting
vclaim-sno-cameron-dambrosio	An 18-year-old student named Cameron D’Ambrosio was arrested on terrorism charges over material he posted on Facebook.	Cameron D’Ambrosio
vclaim-sno-cameron-diaz-maya-angelou	Cameron Diaz was cast to portray Maya Angelou in a new biographical film.	No, Cameron Diaz Wasn’t Cast to Play Maya Angelou in a Biopic
vclaim-sno-cameron-diaz-now	A photograph shows former film actor Cameron Diaz working a regular 9-5 job.	Does a Picture Show Cameron Diaz Working a 9-to-5 Job?
vclaim-sno-cameron-lyle	Cameron Lyle gave up his collegiate athletic career to donate bone marrow to a young man with leukemia.	Cameron Lyle
vclaim-sno-camp-david-conniption	President Obama angrily said “don’t you dare paint all of Islam with the same brush” after becoming agitated that ISIS and Islam had been conflated.	Don’t You Dare Try and Paint All of Islam With the Same Brush
vclaim-sno-campaign-contributions	The bulk of donations to the 2008 Obama campaign came from a handful of wealthy foreign financiers.	Obama’s Troubling Internet Fund-Raising
vclaim-sno-campbells-customer-service-facebook	The official Campbell's customer service Facebook account insulted a customer after she complained about the brand's commercial featuring two dads.	Did Campbell’s Soup Insult a Customer Who Complained About a Commercial?
vclaim-sno-camping-world-ceo-trump	In August 2017, Camping World CEO Marcus Lemonis told supporters of President Donald Trump not to shop at his stores.	Did the CEO of Camping World Tell Trump Supporters Not to Shop at His Stores?
vclaim-sno-campus-halloween-murders	A psychic predicted on a popular television talk show that a mass murder would take place on Halloween at a college campus.	Campus Halloween Murders
vclaim-sno-can-amputees-take-their-limb-home	People who undergo amputations can sign paperwork allowing them to take the removed limbs home after the procedure.	Can Amputees Take Their Limbs Home?
vclaim-sno-can-can-hail	An Alabama middle school sent a letter to parents requesting canned goods to be used for defense against intruders.	School Requests Canned Goods to Thwart Shootings
vclaim-sno-can-clean-coal-actually-reduce-carbon-emissions	“Clean coal technology” currently makes coal a clean source of energy and helps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.	Can “Clean Coal” Actually Reduce Carbon Emissions?
vclaim-sno-can-coconut-water-substitute-blood-plasma	Coconut water can be used as an intravenous substitute for blood plasma.	Can Coconut Water Be Used as a Substitute for Blood Plasma?
vclaim-sno-can-common-household-plant-seeds-used-party-drug	The seeds of certain common household plants can be used as an alternative to LSD.	Can Common Household Plant Seeds Be Used As a Party Drug?
vclaim-sno-can-firechat-send-messages-without-internet	The FireChat app can send messages without any connection to the Internet.	Can the ‘FireChat’ App Send Messages Without an Internet Connection?
vclaim-sno-can-ghost-peppers-burn-a-hole-in-your-esophagus	A very spicy pepper burned a hole through a man's esophagus.	Can Ghost Peppers Burn a Hole in Your Esophagus?
vclaim-sno-can-horses-grow-mustaches	Some horses can grow mustaches.	Can Some Horses Grow Mustaches?
vclaim-sno-can-hurricane-victims-delay-their-mortgage-payments	Homeowners affected by hurricanes are allowed, under certain circumstances, to delay their mortgage payments.	Can Hurricane Victims Delay Their Mortgage Payments?
vclaim-sno-can-marijuana-help-heal-broken-bones	Scientific studies support the conclusion that marijuana can play a role in healing broken bones.	Can Marijuana Help Heal Broken Bones?
vclaim-sno-can-pardoned-felons-vote	Pardoned felons are allowed to vote.	Can Pardoned Felons Vote?
vclaim-sno-can-police-legally-rape-people-35-states	In 35 states, it's legal for police officers to have sex with unconsenting detainees.	Can Police Legally Rape Women in 35 States?
vclaim-sno-can-recycle-crayola-markers	"Crayola accepts boxes of ""dead markers"" for recycling at no cost to consumers."	Does Crayola Recycle Markers for Free?
vclaim-sno-can-stone-dissolve-iron	A video shows a stone capable of dissolving iron.	Can This Stone Dissolve Iron?
vclaim-sno-can-text-food-get-free-meals-children	"Texting ""FOOD"" to 877-877 will provide a nearby location where free meals are available for children during the summer."	Will Texting ‘FOOD’ Help Provide Free Summer Meals for Children?
vclaim-sno-can-the-25th-amendment-prevent-a-trump-presidency	Congress could declare Donald Trump unfit to govern, thereby preventing him from becoming president.	Can the 25th Amendment Prevent a Trump Presidency?
vclaim-sno-can-unlock-car-door-tennis-ball	You can unlock your car door using a tennis ball.	Can You Unlock Your Car Door with a Tennis Ball?
vclaim-sno-can-veep-play-the-pence-card	U.S. legal code requires the vice president to accept or reject election results on the third Wednesday of December.	Can Veep Play the ‘Pence Card’ and Reject US Election Results?
vclaim-sno-can-water-from-plastic-bottles-be-toxic	Reusing, freezing, or warming plastic water bottles will cause them to break down into carcinogenic compounds or release dioxins.	Can Water from Plastic Bottles Be Toxic?
vclaim-sno-can-you-beerlieve-it	Photographs show a townhouse filled with 70,000 discarded beer cans and boxes.	Do These Photos Show a Home Filled with 70,000 Beer Cans and Boxes?
vclaim-sno-can-you-hear-me-scam	"People are being victimized by scammers who call and ask ""Can you hear me?"" and record the ""yes"" response in order to use it to authorize fake charges."	‘Can You Hear Me?’ Scam Warning
vclaim-sno-can-you-use-peanut-butter-to-diagnose-alzheimers-disease	Peanut butter can be used to diagnose Alzheimer’s Disease.	Can You Use Peanut Butter to Diagnose Alzheimer’s Disease?
vclaim-sno-can-you-vote-online-with-a-hashtag	Pennsylvanians can vote online via social media by using the hashtag #PresidentialElection.	Can You Vote Online with a Hashtag?
vclaim-sno-can39t-read-me-nothing	Rapper Kanye West said he is a “proud non-reader of books.”	Kanye West Proud He Doesn't Read Books?
vclaim-sno-canada-als-assisted-suicide	Sean Tagert's decision to obtain a physician-assisted suicide was caused, in part or in whole, by a regional health authority's failure to provide what he regarded as necessary care.	Did Canadian Man With ALS Choose Assisted Suicide After Being Denied Adequate Care?
vclaim-sno-canada-banned-beyonce	Beyonce has not been banned from performing in Canada based on her 2016 Super Bowl halftime performance.	Did Canada ‘Ban Beyonce’ Over Her Super Bowl Performance?
vclaim-sno-canada-border-privacy-hedge	"Canadian officials planted a ""privacy hedge"" along that country's border with the U.S."	Did Canada Plant a ‘Privacy Hedge’ Along the U.S. Border?
vclaim-sno-canada-doctors-pay-rise	In February and March 2018, hundreds of Canadian doctors signed a petition asking for the cancellation of pay deals from which they would personally benefit.	Did Hundreds of Doctors in Canada Protest Against Their Own Pay Raise?
vclaim-sno-canada-donuts-marijuana	Canada suffered a major donut shortage shortly after the country legalized recreational marijuana use.	Did Canadians Face a Major Donut Shortage After the First Day of Cannabis Legalization?
vclaim-sno-canada-drinking-cannabis-public	"New prohibitions on public drinking and cannabis use ""in every province of Canada"" were scheduled to come into force in July 2019."	Is Canada About to Crack Down on Cannabis Use, Public Drinking?
vclaim-sno-canada-driver-fine-passenger-phone	As of July 2020, a new law in Canada meant motorists could be convicted and fined $1,500 if one of their passengers used a cellphone.	Can Drivers in Canada Be Fined $1,500 If a Passenger Uses a Cellphone?
vclaim-sno-canada-dry	The Canada Dry beverage company got its name because it produced alcohol-free beverages during Prohibition.	Why Is Canada Dry?
vclaim-sno-canada-gives-polygamist-immigrants-thousands-start-money	"Canadian immigrants with ""two wives"" receive a host of government benefits upon their their arrival."	Canada Gives Polygamist Immigrants Thousands in ‘Start-Up Money’?
vclaim-sno-canada-global-reset-plan-leak	"An email chain documents Canada's Strategic Planning Committee's ""global reset plan"" to deal with COVID-19, including strict lockdowns and mandatory vaccines."	Was Canada’s Draconian COVID ‘Global Reset Plan’ Leaked to the Public?
vclaim-sno-canada-legalizes-beastiality	Canada has legalized oral sex with non-human animals.	Did Canada Legalize Bestiality?
vclaim-sno-canada-legalizes-heroin	Canada has legalized heroin for general use.	Canada Legalizes Heroin?
vclaim-sno-canada-marijuana-federal-debt	Canada paid off their entire federal debt one day after legalizing marijuana.	Did Canada Pay Off Entire Federal Debt One Day After Marijuana Legalization?
vclaim-sno-canada-psychedelic-depression	In November 2020, the Canadian government approved the use of psilocybin therapy, which uses the hallucinogenic chemical compound found in psychedelic mushrooms, to ease anxiety and depression associated with a terminal diagnosis.	Did Canada Approve Psychedelic Mushrooms for Depression and Anxiety Treatment?
vclaim-sno-canada-receives-10-million-immigration-applications	Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his country had received more than 10 million immigration applications from Americans immediately after the 2016 presidential election.	Canada Receives 10 Million Immigration Applications
vclaim-sno-canada-straight-marriage-ban	Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced that straight marriage would be banned during Pride Month.	Is Canada Banning Straight Marriage During Pride Month?
vclaim-sno-canada-water-ecoli	Canada was placed under a nationwide boil-water notice in the spring of 2019.	Was Canada Under an E. Coli-Related Boil Water Notice in the Spring of 2019?
vclaim-sno-canadas-immigration-web-site-crashed-after-2016-election	Americans crashed Canada's immigration web site immediately after Donald Trump was elected.	Canada’s Immigration Web Site Crashed After 2016 U.S. Election?
vclaim-sno-canadian-border-cellphone-search	U.S. border officials are now searching the cellphones of Canadian citizens entering the United States.	Will Canadians’ Cell Phones Now Be Searched at the U.S. Border?
vclaim-sno-canadian-business-offers-land-to-relocating-americans	A small business in Canada is offering jobs and free land to Americans looking to relocate in the event of a Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton presidency.	Small Canadian Town Will Give You a Job and Land to Relocate
vclaim-sno-canadian-fishermen-shrimp	A photograph shows a record-breaking 320-pound shrimp caught by Canadian fisherman.	Did Canadian Fishermen Catch a 320-Pound Shrimp?
vclaim-sno-canadian-flag-on-niagara-falls	A photograph shows a Canadian flag displayed across Niagara Falls for Canada Day, July 1, in 2019.	Was the Canadian Flag Displayed Across Niagara Falls?
vclaim-sno-canadian-flag-origins	The eleven points on the maple leaf of Canada's flag represent the number of Canadian provinces and territories.	The Origins of Canada’s Maple Leaf Flag
vclaim-sno-canadian-fox	The Fox News Channel has been banned in Canada because they report false information	Was the Fox News Channel Banned in Canada?
vclaim-sno-canadian-snowplows-skittles	Snowplows in Canadian towns are using Skittles brandy candy to maintain roads in winter.	Are Canadian Snowplows Using Skittles to Maintain Roads?
vclaim-sno-canadian-teen-satellite-maps	A Canadian teen discovered a lost Mayan city using satellite maps.	Canadian Teen Finds Lost Mayan City With Satellite Maps
vclaim-sno-canadians-eating-while-driving	Canadians can be fined $1,000 for eating while driving.	Can Canadians Be Fined $1,000 for ‘Eating While Driving Starting Next Month’?
vclaim-sno-canadians-moose-lick-cars	"Photographs show a road traffic warning sign that reads: ""Do Not Let Moose Lick Your Car."""	Were Canadians Warned Not to Let Moose Lick Their Cars?
vclaim-sno-canal-and-forever	In 1829, Martin Van Buren sent a letter to President Andrew Jackson about the necessity for preserving canals against the development of railroads.	Van Buren’s Letter to President Jackson
vclaim-sno-cancer-act-1939	The Cancer Act of 1939 makes it illegal to cure cancer.	Does the Cancer Act of 1939 Make It Illegal to Cure Cancer?
vclaim-sno-cancer-baby	Facebook will donate money to help a child with cancer every time an appeal for help is liked or shared.	Cancer Baby Facebook Hoax
vclaim-sno-cancer-in-a-can	Pringles brand potato chips contain a chemical that is known to cause cancer in humans.	Do Pringles Cause Cancer?
vclaim-sno-cancer-update	"Johns Hopkins Hospital issued a ""cancer update"" detailing how cancer spreads and recommending methods for treating the disease."	Cancer Update from Johns Hopkins Hospital
vclaim-sno-cancer-vitamin-b17-deficiency	Cancer is caused by a deficiency of vitamin “B17,” a condition that can be remedied with nutritional supplements.	Is Cancer Caused by a Deficiency of ‘Vitamin B17’?
vclaim-sno-cancerous-deer	A photograph shows a deer tumors caused by eating plants sprayed with Monsanto's Roundup herbicide.	Does This Photograph Show a Deer with Tumors Caused by Monsanto’s Roundup?
vclaim-sno-candace-claiborne-treason	Candace Claiborne, who worked for Barack Obama, has been arrested and charged with treason.	State Dept. Employee Candace Claiborne Arrested on Treason Charges?
vclaim-sno-candi-cdebaca-tweet-coronavirus	"Denver councilwoman Candi CdeBaca tweeted ""#solidarity"" in response to a post suggesting that, if infected with new coronavirus, a person would attend as many Trump rallies as possible."	Did Councilwoman Candi CdeBaca Tweet ‘#Solidarity’ for This Coronavirus Comment?
vclaim-sno-candid-camera-hijacking	Passengers on an airliner diverted to Cuba thought the hijacking was a Candid Camera stunt due to the coincidental presence of the show's host, Allen Funt.	Did Airline Passengers Mistake a Hijacking for a ‘Candid Camera’ Stunt?
vclaim-sno-candid-camera	Image depicts Mike Brown pointing a gun while holding money in his mouth.	Picture of Mike Brown Ignored by Media?
vclaim-sno-candy-can-ban-school	An elementary school principal in Nebraska banned candy canes from schoolrooms because they supposedly represent Jesus.	Did a Principal Ban Candy Canes Because They Are Shaped Like J’s for ‘Jesus’?
vclaim-sno-candy-crush-murder-false	A woman murdered her college roommate over too many Candy Crush requests.	A Woman Wasn’t Murdered Over Candy Crush Requests
vclaim-sno-candy-crush-saga	King Digital Entertainment, maker of Candy Crush Saga, copied their game from CandySwipe and is attempting to cancel the latter’s trademark.	Candy Crush Saga
vclaim-sno-canine-carry-outs-anti-freeze-warning	Canine Carry Outs dog treats contain anti-freeze and are therefore dangerous to dogs.	Do Canine Carry Outs Contain ‘Anti-Freeze’ That Is ‘Poison’ to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-canine-vaccine-covid-19	A viral photograph showing a canine coronavirus vaccine demonstrates that there should already exist a human vaccine for COVID-19.	Is Canine Coronavirus Vaccine Proof that COVID-19 Vaccine Should Exist?
vclaim-sno-cannabis-marijuana-guns	"Most states that have legalized marijuana use have subsequently banned marijuana users from owning guns as a ""back-door"" gun control measure."	Did Most States That Legalized Marijuana Use Ban Marijuana Users from Owning Guns?
vclaim-sno-cannabis-poisoning-death	A 31-year-old British woman died of ‘cannabis poisoning’ in October 2013.	31-Year-Old British Woman Died of “Cannabis Poisoning”?
vclaim-sno-canned-pumpkin-isnt-actually-pumpkin	Most canned pumpkin isn't actually pumpkin, but a mixture of other squashes (including butternut).	Canned Pumpkin Isn’t Actually Pumpkin?
vclaim-sno-cannibal-diet-zambia-arrest	A man in Zambia was arrested after proclaiming he had employed a 'cannibal diet' to lose weight.	Was a Zambian Man Arrested After Boasting He Lost 280 Pounds on a ‘Cannibal Diet’?
vclaim-sno-cannibal-restaurant	Katy Perry, Meryl Streep, and Chelsea Clinton are members at an elite cannibal restaurant in Los Angeles.	Do Celebrities Dine at a Cannibal Restaurant in Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-cannibals-arrested-florida	Three Florida men were arrested for eating human flesh, a practice they claimed cures depression and diabetes.	Cannibals Arrested in Florida Claim Eating Human Flesh Cures Diabetes and Depression?
vclaim-sno-cannon-father	"Disputed parentage of a child born aboard a ship was resolved by listing the newborn as a ""son of the gun."""	Etymology of Son of a Gun
vclaim-sno-cannon-hinnant	A Black man was charged in North Carolina in the killing of Cannon Hinnant, a 5-year-old white boy, and except for Fox News, mainstream news media outlets purposely ignored it to further a predetermined racial narrative.	Was a Black Man Charged in the Killing of a White 5-Year-Old in North Carolina?
vclaim-sno-canola-oil	Ordinary use of canola oil is dangerous to consumers.	Is Ordinary Use of Canola Oil Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-cant-be-yelped	A busy NYC restaurant kept getting awful reviews, and surveillance footage revealed the reason to be that customer smartphone use was ruining the restaurant experience.	This Restaurant Kept Getting Awful Reviews, Then They Discovered This …
vclaim-sno-cap-and-trade-energy-bill	The “Cap and Trade energy bill” requires that all existing real estate must meet new energy standards before it can be sold.	Cap and Trade Energy Bill
vclaim-sno-cap-and-trade	Photograph shows a Romney/Ryan campaign cap made in China (and an Obama cap made in the U.S.).	Romney Campaign Caps Made in China?
vclaim-sno-capitol-invasion-lego-set	A “Capitol Invasion” Lego set that showed several well-publicized members of the Jan. 6, 2021, pro-Trump mob was released months ahead of the riots in the District of Columbia.	Was ‘Capitol Invasion’ Lego Set Released Months Ahead of DC Riot?
vclaim-sno-capitol-police-opened-gates	"A video showed police at the U.S. Capitol opening ""gates"" to allow rioters in on Jan. 6, 2021."	Does Video Show Capitol Police Opening Gates for Rioters?
vclaim-sno-capitol-police-selfie	A U.S. Capitol Police officer posed for a photograph with a member of the pro-Trump mob that stormed the federal building on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did US Capitol Police Officer Take a Selfie With Rioter?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riot-deaths	Five people died during the Jan. 6, 2021, U.S. Capitol riot.	Did 5 People Die During Jan. 6 Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riot-mace-police	A video showed pro-Trump rioters pepper-spraying police officers during a riot at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Does Video Show a Rioter Pepper-Spraying Police at US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riot-no-fly-list	A video shows a person who attended the Capitol riot finding out that they had been added to the no-fly list.	Were Capitol Riot Attendees Added to FBI’s No-Fly List?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riot-podium	A photograph shows a rioter holding a lectern (which some bystanders referred to as a podium) inside the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Does a Photo Show Rioter Snatching a ‘Podium’ in the US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riot-taser-death	An Alabama man who was in attendance during the Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection at the U.S. Capitol suffered a fatal heart attack after accidentally tasing himself in the testicles.	Did Man at Capitol Riot Die After Accidentally Tasing Himself?
vclaim-sno-capitol-rioter-permission-vacation	Jenny Cudd, a woman accused of participating in the mob attack on the U.S. Capitol, asked a judge to let her travel to Mexico for a four-day vacation planned for February 2021.	Did Capitol Rioter Jenny Cudd Ask Judge for Permission To Vacation in Mexico?
vclaim-sno-capitol-rioters-dating-apps	Users of online dating apps attempted to help identify people who stormed the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Were Capitol Rioters IDed Via Online Dating Apps?
vclaim-sno-capitol-riots-private-party	On Jan. 6, 2021, Trump and his closest associates held a private tent party near the U.S. Capitol to livestream footage of supporters breaking into and vandalizing the federal building.	Did Trump Watch Capitol Riots From a Private Party Nearby?
vclaim-sno-capped-well	Plastic bottle caps can be redeemed to provide chemotherapy treatments to cancer sufferers or prosthetic limbs for wounded soldiers.	Saving Plastic Bottle Caps for Medical Treatment
vclaim-sno-capri-cocaine	The FDA has found cocaine in thousands of Capri Sun drinks.	FDA Finds Cocaine in Thousands of Capri Sun Drinks?
vclaim-sno-capri-sun-mold-warning	Mold has occasionally been discovered in packages of Capri Sun fruit drink.	Capri Sun Mold Warning
vclaim-sno-captain-america-coronavirus-pandemic	"The 2011 movie ""Captain America"" predicted the coronavirus pandemic."	Did ‘Captain America’ Movie Predict the Coronavirus Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-captain-america-deemed-offensive	"A high student was forced to leave school because an assistant principal found his Captain America costume to be ""offensive."""	Captain America Deemed Offensive?
vclaim-sno-captain-ed-freeman	Article describes coverage of the death of Medal of Honor recipient Ed Freeman.	Captain Ed Freeman — Medal of Honor Winner
vclaim-sno-captain-kangaroo-lee-marvin-iwo-jima	"Lee Marvin, actor, and Bob Keeshan, television's ""Captain Kangaroo"" were World War II veterans who fought together at Iwo Jima."	Did Captain Kangaroo and Lee Marvin Fight at Iwo Jima?
vclaim-sno-captain-khans-epitaph-beware-of-dying-as-an-apostate	"The headstone of the late U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan (son of DNC speaker Khizr Khan) references his ""dying as an apostate."""	Captain Khan’s Epitaph: ‘Beware of Dying as an Apostate’
vclaim-sno-captain-pugwash-double-meanings	The characters on the cartoon series Captain Pugwash had names that were sexual double entendres.	‘Captain Pugwash’ Double Meanings
vclaim-sno-capture-the-flag-2	President Obama has proposed a redesign for the U.S. flag.	FALSE: Obama Just Announced He Is Going to Redesign America's Flag
vclaim-sno-capture-the-flag	Photographs show activists displaying defaced U.S. and Arizona flags during a protest over an Arizona immigration law.	Desecration of Arizona and U.S. Flags in Phoenix
vclaim-sno-car-balk	General Motors issued a caustic press release in response to Bill Gates’ comparison of advances in computing to the automotive industry.	General Motors Replies to Bill Gates
vclaim-sno-car-bump	Gang initiates are bumping their cars into others, then shooting whoever gets out of the bumped automobiles.	MS-13 Car Bump Initiation
vclaim-sno-car-crash-brain-transplant	A man got into five separate auto accidents shortly after receiving a woman's brain in a transplant.	Did a Man Start Crashing His Car After Receiving a Woman’s Brain in a Transplant?
vclaim-sno-car-czar	Chrysler dealerships owned by Republican donors were disproportionately targeted for closure at the behest of the Obama administration.	Steve Rattner – Car Czar
vclaim-sno-car-headrests-emergency-escape	Car headrests were deliberately designed to be removed so that they can be used to smash windows during emergencies.	Were Car Headrests Designed as Emergency Escape Tools?
vclaim-sno-car-hiding-under-truck	A video shows a car evading police by driving under a moving semi-trailer truck.	Did This Car Evade Police By Swerving Under a Moving Truck?
vclaim-sno-car-message-public-executions	An automobile in Florida was spotted bearing a statement expressing support for 'public executions' of Trump critics.	Does This Photograph Show a Car with a Message Supporting ‘Public Executions’ of Trump Critics?
vclaim-sno-car-use-fifth-wheel-to-park	A video shows a car using a rear fifth wheel to parallel park.	Is This Car Using a Rear 5th Wheel to Parallel Park?
vclaim-sno-caravan-american-red-cross-tent	A photograph shows a family of Honduran caravan members resting in front of a tent provided by the American Red Cross.	Does This Photograph Show Honduran Caravan Members Using an American Red Cross Tent?
vclaim-sno-caravan-border-fence-video	A video shows a group of asylum seekers tearing down a border fence between Mexico and Guatemala.	Does This Video Show Caravan Members Tearing Down a Border Fence?
vclaim-sno-caravan-burning-flag	A series of photographs shows members of a migrant caravan on their way to the U.S. in October 2018 burning the U.S. flag.	Are Central American Caravan Members Burning the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-caravan-bus-train-travel	A set of images shows Central American caravan refugees traveling to the United States via bus and train in October 2018.	Do These Photographs Show Central American Caravan Members Traveling by Train and Bus?
vclaim-sno-caravan-members-sick	One-third of the caravan migrants have HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, or chicken pox.	Are ‘One-Third’ of Caravan Migrants Sick with HIV, Tuberculosis, and Chicken Pox?
vclaim-sno-caravan-mexico-offer	The entire Central American migrant caravan rejected Mexico's offer of jobs, medical care and education.	Did the Whole Migrant Caravan Turn Down Mexico’s Offer of Jobs, Medical Care and Education?
vclaim-sno-caravan-migrants-return-pay	Caravan migrants demanded $50,000 payments from the U.S. in order to go home.	Did Caravan Migrants Demand $50K from the U.S. to Return Home?
vclaim-sno-caravan-organizer-photo	An organizer of the immigrant caravan was photographed after robbing a convenience store and killing a Mexican national.	Is This a Photograph of the ‘Organizer’ of the Immigrant Caravan?
vclaim-sno-caravan-participants-ad	An advertisement sought paid participants to take part in the Central American caravan to the U.S.	Did an Ad Offer to Pay for Participation in the Central American Migrant Caravan?
vclaim-sno-caravan-swastika-flag-fire	Migrants traveling in a caravan from Central America to the U.S. drew a swastika on an American flag and set it on fire.	Did Members of the Migrant Caravan Paint a Swastika on an American Flag and Set It on Fire?
vclaim-sno-caravan-urinate-flag-photo	A photograph shows a member of the October 2018 Central American migrant caravan urinating on an U.S. flag.	Does This Photograph Show a Migrant Caravan Member Urinating on the U.S. Flag?
vclaim-sno-carbon-copy	Rep. Gabrielle Giffords asked Gen. David Petraeus what he was “doing to reduce carbon emissions in the war on terror.”	Gabrielle Giffords
vclaim-sno-carbon-monoxide-snowed-in-car	Sitting inside a running, snowed-in car can result in carbon monoxide poisoning.	Can You Get Carbon Monoxide Poisoning from Sitting in a Snowed-In Car?
vclaim-sno-carbon-monoxide-spike-earthquake	A Carbon Monoxide spike on the west coast indicates that a massive earthquake will soon hit.	Concerns of ‘Major’ West Coast Earthquake Growing Due to Carbon Monoxide Spike?
vclaim-sno-card-sharks	Hotel room keycards are routinely encoded with personal information which can be easily harvested by thieves.	Hotel Key Card Identity Theft
vclaim-sno-cardi-bee-insect-real	A busty wasp dubbed “Cardi Bee” was photographed in January 2021.	Is This Busty ‘Cardi Bee’ Insect Real?
vclaim-sno-cardinal-pell-abortion-abuse	"Cardinal George Pell, who has been charged with sexual abuse, once said that abortion was ""a worse moral scandal than priests sexually abusing young people."""	Did Cardinal George Pell Say Abortion Was Worse Than Sexual Abuse of Children?
vclaim-sno-cardinal-rule-2	Transcript documents an unaired interview between Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio.	Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio Transcript
vclaim-sno-cardinal-rule	Transcript documents an unaired interview between Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio.	Chris Matthews and Cardinal Bergoglio Transcript
vclaim-sno-cards-for-recovering-soldiers	"Walter Reed Hospital will accept Christmas cards addressed to ""A Recovering American Soldier."""	Cards for Recovering Soldiers
vclaim-sno-cards-humanity-block-trump-border-wal	Cards Against Humanity purchased acres of land on the U.S.-Mexico border and retained a law firm to fight President Trump's plan to construct a border wall.	Is Cards Against Humanity Trying to Block President Trump’s Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-cargo-container-women-savannah	"A ""cargo container full of young black women"" was found in a port in Savannah, Georgia, ""about to be shipped overseas."""	Cargo Container Full of Young Black Women Discovered in Savannah?
vclaim-sno-cargo-ships-atlantic-map	For the first time in history the North Atlantic is empty of cargo ships in-transit.	No, Cargo Ships Have Not Stopped Traveling in the Atlantic Ocean
vclaim-sno-carissa-malanitch	A 13-year-old girl named Carissa Malanitch is missing.	Missing Child: Carissa Malanitch
vclaim-sno-carjack-and-jilted	A lone driver spots a “body” lying on the road but takes a detour around it instead of stopping to investigate. She later discovers she made the right choice — she’d driven over the four men lying in wait for her.	Carjacking Irony
vclaim-sno-carjacker	Photographs show a failed carjacker who was run over by a truck after the driver pushed him under its wheels.	Carjacker Run Over by Truck?
vclaim-sno-carjackers-leaving-flyers-100-bills-car-windows	Parking lot carjackers are placing flyers or $100 bills on the windows of automobiles, then taking the cars when drivers step out of their vehicles to remove them.	Are Carjackers Leaving Flyers and $100 Bills on Car Windows?
vclaim-sno-carl-icahn-stock-steel-tariffs	Billionaire investor and former Trump adviser Carl Icahn sold off approximately $30 million worth of stock in a steel-dependent company in the weeks leading up to the president's announcement of tariffs on steel imports.	Did Former Trump Adviser Carl Icahn Dump Millions in Stock Before Steel Tariffs Were Announced?
vclaim-sno-carl-paladino-obama-comments	Former Trump campaign official Carl Paladino said he hopes President Obama dies of mad cow disease and Michelle Obama goes to live in a cave in Africa with a gorilla.	Did Trump Ally Carl Paladino Say Michelle Obama Should Go Live in a Cave with a Gorilla?
vclaim-sno-carl-sagans-foreboding-of-an-america	Carl Sagan once speculated about the dangers of a future United States in which “key manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries”, where people “have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority” and “no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues”.	Is This Carl Sagan’s ‘Foreboding of an America’?
vclaim-sno-carlos-arredondo	Carlos Arredondo lost a son  in Iraq and another to suicide.	Boston Marathon Bombing: Carlos Arredondo
vclaim-sno-carlson-actor-couldnt-book-organizers	Tucker Carlson hired an actor to play a protest organizer on his Fox News program.	Did Tucker Carlson Hire an Actor When He Couldn’t Book Protest Organizers?
vclaim-sno-carlson-gun-control	"Vermont state senator Mary Ann Carlson once said that people who own guns ""are pretty likely to commit a crime."""	‘If people have guns, they are pretty likely to commit a crime’
vclaim-sno-carmageddon	The remains of a smoldering JATO-equipped Chevrolet Impala were found embedded in the side of a cliff in the Arizona desert.	JATO Car Embedded in Cliff?
vclaim-sno-carmen-winstead	The ghost of a teen named Carmen Winstead strikes down those who don't repost her story on Facebook.	Carmen Winstead
vclaim-sno-carmex-addiction	People get “hooked” on Carmex Lip Balm because it contains ground glass (or other irritants), necessitating its continued use.	Carmex Addiction
vclaim-sno-carnation-slogan-contest	Woman wins $1,000 in a Carnation Milk slogan contest by submitting a bawdy bit of verse.	Carnation Slogan Contest
vclaim-sno-carnival-triumph-overturn	The Carnival cruise ship 'Triumph' overturned and sank off the coast of Mexico in November 2018.	Did the Carnival Cruise Ship ‘Triumph’ Overturn and Sink?
vclaim-sno-carol-burnett-death-hoax	The actor and comedian Carol Burnett died in December 2019.	No, Comedian Carol Burnett is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-carol-mccain	An article accurately recounts details of Senator John McCain's divorce from his first wife, Carol.	John and Carol McCain
vclaim-sno-caroline-biden-credit-card	Joe Biden's niece pleaded guilty to charges related to a $110,000 credit-account theft and received two years' probation.	Was Joe Biden’s Niece Sentenced to Probation for $110,000 in Credit Card Theft?
vclaim-sno-carolyn-gudger	Carolyn Gudger, a school resource officer at Sullivan Central High School, held a gunman at bay until deputies arrived and shot him.	Did Carolyn Gudger Stop a School Shooting?
vclaim-sno-carp-with-a-human-face	A video shows a carp with a human-like face.	Is This a Carp with a Human Face?
vclaim-sno-carrie-fisher-rewrites-empire-strikes-back	"Carrie Fisher contributed script revisions during the filming of ""The Empire Strikes Back"""	Did Carrie Fisher Do Her Own Rewrites for ‘The Empire Strikes Back’?
vclaim-sno-carrier-jobs-to-mexico-despite-trump-deal	Despite an agreement with President-elect Donald Trump to keep 1,000 manufacturing jobs in the U.S., Carrier Corporation says it will still relocate hundreds of jobs to Mexico.	Carrier Still Moving Some Jobs to Mexico Despite Trump Deal
vclaim-sno-carrot-topped	‘Bugs Bunny’ voice actor Mel Blanc was allergic to carrots.	Was Mel Blanc Allergic to Carrots?
vclaim-sno-carry-permit-granny	Well-armed old lady with a carry permit isn’t afraid of “a damn thing.”	Carry Permit Granny
vclaim-sno-cars-melting-in-arizona-heat-wave	"Photographs show cars that started to ""melt"" due to extremely hot weather in Saudi Arabia or Kuwait."	Did Cars Melt in Saudi Arabia or Kuwait Due to a Heat Wave?
vclaim-sno-carson-fail-y	Dr. Ben Carson announced that he plans to run for president in 2016.	Is Dr. Ben Carson Running for President in 2016?
vclaim-sno-carson-hud-accounting-errors	HUD director Ben Carson found more than $500 billion in accounting errors at the federal agency.	Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD?
vclaim-sno-carson-nut-of-the-mind	Ben Carson spoke of a 'nut of the mind' where hated memories are stored.	Ben Carson and the ‘Nut of the Mind’
vclaim-sno-carter-reagan-polls	Ronald Reagan won the 1980 presidential election in a landslide despite trailing Jimmy Carter in public opinion polls two weeks earlier, so polls cannot be trusted to predict election results.	Ronald Reagan Beat Jimmy Carter in a Landslide Despite Trailing 6% in Polls?
vclaim-sno-carter-sell-peanut-farm	Jimmy Carter sold his peanut farm before taking office as president in 1977.	Did Carter Sell His Peanut Farm When He Became President?
vclaim-sno-cartridge-case	The Department of Defense has cut off sales of spent cartridge cases to U.S. ammunition manufacturers.	DoD Suspension of Brass Cartridge Casing Sales
vclaim-sno-cascade-mall-shooter-voted	Alleged Cascade Mall shooter Arcan Cetin voted in three elections despite not being a U.S. citizen.	Accused Cascade Mall Shooter Arcan Cetin Voted as a Non-Citizen?
vclaim-sno-case-intruder-ask-911-pizza	A woman managed to call 911 during a domestic abuse incident by pretending to order a pizza.	In Case of Intruder, Should You Ask 911 for a Pizza?
vclaim-sno-casey-anthony-dead	Infamous mother Casey Anthony has died at age 29.	Was Casey Anthony Found Dead at Age 29?
vclaim-sno-casey-anthony-obtains-license-for-home-daycare-business-in-florida	Casey Anthony is opening a home daycare center in Florida.	Casey Anthony Obtains License for Home Daycare Business in Florida
vclaim-sno-casey-anthony-twins	Casey Anthony is pregnant with twins and hoping to star in a reality TV show.	Is Casey Anthony Pregnant with Twins?
vclaim-sno-casey-nicole-mueller	A 16-year-old girl named  Casey Nicole Mueller is missing.	Missing Child: Casey Nicole Mueller
vclaim-sno-cash-back-scam	Store cashiers commonly steal from customers by secretly initiating cash back requests and then pocketing the money.	Cash Back Scam
vclaim-sno-cash-for-clunkers	Consumers who visit the “Cash for Clunkers” web site must agree that their computers become U.S. government property.	Cash for Clunkers
vclaim-sno-cash-me-outside-suicide	"The 'Dr. Phil Show' guest known as the ""Cash Me Outside"" girl committed suicide."	Did Dr. Phil’s ‘Cash Me Outside’ Girl Commit Suicide?
vclaim-sno-cashews-equivalent-to-a-dose-of-prozac	Two handfuls of cashews are equivalent to one dose of Prozac in treating depression, and can be safely substituted for prescribed drugs.	Are Two Handfuls of Cashews Equivalent to a Dose of Prozac for Depression?
vclaim-sno-cashier-flag-pin	An Iraqi woman in a U.S. grocery store was told off by another patron after disdaining America's bombing of her country.	Angry Muslim Confronts Cashier Over Flag Pin?
vclaim-sno-cashiers-check-overpayment-scam	Scammers pay with cashier's checks larger than the purchase price and ask the balances be sent to third parties.	Cashier’s Check Overpayment Scam
vclaim-sno-cashin39-carry	It is illegal in the U.S. to carry $10,000 or more in cash.	Illegal to Carry $10,000 in Cash?
vclaim-sno-cassidy-boon-drowning	A woman named Cassidy Boon is suing the man who saved her from drowning, claiming he raped her.	Did Cassidy Boon Sue Her Rescuer for Rape?
vclaim-sno-castoreum	Castoreum, a secretion produced by beavers, is commonly used as a food additive.	Does Your Food Contain Beaver Anal Secretions?
vclaim-sno-cat-2000-years-old	A carving on a slope in Peru is a 2,000-year-old depiction of a cat.	Is This a 2,000-Year-Old Depiction of a Cat?
vclaim-sno-cat-and-rat-ranch-hoax	A serious prospectus inviting investors to become part of a cat-and-rat farm was once circulated, the basic premise of which involved skinning cats for their fur, feeding the cat carcasses to rats, then feeding the rats to the cats being raised for their fur.	Cat and Rat Ranch Hoax
vclaim-sno-cat-marvel-punisher	A photograph shows a black-and-white cat with skull-like markings on its chest fur.	Does This Cat Look Like Marvel’s ‘Punisher’ Character?
vclaim-sno-cat-o-nine-tales	"Black cats are routinely sacrificed by ""satanic cults"" at Halloween."	Cats Sacrificed at Halloween?
vclaim-sno-cat-poop-on-ex-name-valentines-day	For Valentine’s Day 2021, Lexington Humane Society in Kentucky is raising donations by writing the names of donor’s exes in a litter box for a cat to poop on.	Yes, You Can Pay a Cat To Poop on an Ex’s Name This Valentine’s Day
vclaim-sno-cat-spanish-flu-mask	"A photograph shows a family and their cat wearing masks during the 1918 ""Spanish flu"" pandemic."	Is This Cat Wearing a Mask During the ‘Spanish Flu’?
vclaim-sno-cat-unusually-deep-voice	A video captures a cat with an extremely deep meow.	Does This Cat Have an Unusually Deep Voice?
vclaim-sno-catapoultry	The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration offered the British an obvious piece of advice after being asked to investigate a train-testing mishap.	The Chicken Cannon
vclaim-sno-catapulted-cat	The attempted rescue of a kitten stuck in a tree goes horribly awry, and the little feline is catapulted out of sight.	Catapulted Cat
vclaim-sno-catch-me-outside-girl-arrested	"A teenager known as the ""Catch Me Outside Girl"" due to an appearance on the 'Dr Phil Show' was arrested for prostitution."	Was the ‘Catch Me Outside Girl’ Arrested for Prostitution?
vclaim-sno-catch-of-the-day	Woman pens hilarious account of family’s efforts to rescue trapped cat from garbage disposal.	Cat Rescued From Garbage Disposal
vclaim-sno-catch-the-wave	President George W. Bush waved at blind musician Stevie Wonder at the 2002 Presidential Gala.	George W. Bush Waved at Stevie Wonder?
vclaim-sno-catchfish	Photographs show a large catfish with a basketball stuck in its mouth.	Catchfish
vclaim-sno-catching-sexually-transmitted-diseases-while-tanning	Improperly cleaned tanning beds are vectors for sexually transmitted diseases such as herpes.	Catching Sexually Transmitted Diseases While Tanning
vclaim-sno-category-7-harvey-irma	The 2005 movie Category 7: The End of the World predicted the arrival of hurricanes named Harvey and Irma.	Did a 2005 Movie Feature Hurricanes Named Harvey and Irma?
vclaim-sno-catherine-bells-astonishing-super-bowl-prediction	Actress Catherine Bell correctly predicted the results of the 2002 Super Bowl prior to the start of the 2001 NFL season.	Catherine Bell’s Astonishing Super Bowl Prediction
vclaim-sno-catholic-priest-put-aborted-fetus-on-altar	A Catholic priest placed an aborted fetus on the altar to urge parishioners to vote for Trump.	Did a Catholic Priest Put an Aborted Fetus on an Altar to Promote Republican Candidates?
vclaim-sno-catholic-school-statues	In 2017, the San Domenico school in San Anselmo, California removed some Catholic statues from its campus in an effort to be more inclusive.	Did a Catholic School in California Remove Religious Statues from Its Campus?
vclaim-sno-cats-claw-machines	Video footage shows cats being offered as prizes in an arcade claw machine in China.	Were Cats Used as Prizes in Arcade Claw Machines?
vclaim-sno-cats-diagnosed-bubonic-plague	Three cats in Wyoming were diagnosed with the bubonic plague.	Were Three Cats in Wyoming Diagnosed with Bubonic Plague?
vclaim-sno-cats-purple-paws	Purple paws indicate that a cat is being used as bait by dogfighters.	Are Cats with Purple Paws Used as Dogfighting Bait?
vclaim-sno-cats-sit-in-square-taped-floor	A cat will always sit within the boundaries of a square taped to the floor.	Will Cats Always Sit in a Square Taped to the Floor?
vclaim-sno-cats-sit-on-laptops	Our furry feline friends sprawl across laptops as a way to seek attention, and be closer to their owners.	Do Cats Sit on Laptops To Be Closer to You?
vclaim-sno-cattle-guards	A clueless U.S. government official ordered half the cattle guards in Colorado be fired.	Did a Government Official Order the Firing of Cattle Guards?
vclaim-sno-cattle-vaccine-covid-19	A vaccine meant for cattle can be used to fight COVID-19.	Can a Cattle Vaccine Be Used To Fight COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-caucasian-barrel	"""Liberals"" want to change the name of Cracker Barrel to ""Caucasian Barrel"" because otherwise it's racist."	Liberals Want to Change the Name of ‘Cracker Barrel’ to ‘Caucasian Barrel’?
vclaim-sno-causes-of-death-2016	A list of statistics shows the leading causes of death in the United States through the first half of 2016.	Causes of Death in the United States
vclaim-sno-caution-tomatoes-sign	"A photograph shows a sign that reads ""Caution: Tomatoes"" with an arrow pointing to the left."	Is This “Caution: Tomatoes” Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-cave-rescue-trump-meet	Boys rescued after being trapped in a cave for weeks preferred to return there rather than meet with President Trump.	Did Rescued Thai Boys Opt to Return to Cave Rather Than Meet with Trump?
vclaim-sno-cayenne-pepper-bleeding	When ingested orally or applied topically to an open wound, cayenne pepper can stop serious bleeding.	Will Cayenne Pepper Stop Serious Bleeding?
vclaim-sno-cbd-oil-alex-trebek	Alex Trebek sold CBD oil.	Did Alex Trebek Run a CBD Oil Business?
vclaim-sno-cbo-ahca-score	The American Health Care Act was scored twice by the CBO and it went through four committees before the House voted on it.	Has the Congressional Budget Office Scored the American Health Care Act?
vclaim-sno-cbs-latinos-trump-biden	"In September 2020, CBS Evening News dishonestly presented a group of ""Latinos for Trump"" as Biden supporters."	Was CBS ‘Caught’ Passing Off ‘Latinos for Trump’ as Biden Supporters?
vclaim-sno-cbs-news-covid-ukraine	CBS News tried to pass off a photograph taken in Ukraine in 2016 as a picture of a U.S. child afflicted with a coronavirus-related disease in 2020.	Did CBS News Use a 2016 Ukraine Photo in COVID-19 Coverage?
vclaim-sno-cbs-news-italian-hospital	A CBS News program used a brief clip from an Italian hospital in a segment about the coronavirus crisis in New York City.	Did CBS News Use Footage from Italy for New York COVID-19 Report?
vclaim-sno-cbs-report-blood-children	CBS reported that elites are ingesting the blood of young children in order to achieve ‘eternal youth.'	Did CBS Report That ‘Elites Are Lining Up to Ingest the Blood of Children’?
vclaim-sno-cdc-a-culpa	The CDC issued an apology because the 2014-15 flu shot doesn’t work.	CDC Issues Flu Vaccine Apology
vclaim-sno-cdc-admits-98-million-got-cancer-polio-vaccine	The CDC quietly removed pages from their web site that admitted a link between Simian Virus 40 (SV40), the polio vaccine, and cancer.	Did the CDC ‘Admit’ 98 Million Americans Were Given a ‘Cancer Virus’ via the Polio Shot?
vclaim-sno-cdc-covid-19-data	In July 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump's administration established new guidelines for hospitals to report COVID-19 patient information that eliminates the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as the leader of data collection.	Did Trump Admin Remove CDC as Overseer of COVID-19 Hospital Data?
vclaim-sno-cdc-death-figures	The CDC readjusted the COVID-19 death toll from 60,000 down to 37,000.	Did the CDC Significantly ‘Readjust COVID-19 Death Numbers’?
vclaim-sno-cdc-doctor-flu-shot-dead	"A CDC doctor who swarned the public that flu shots had caused a ""deadly flu epidemic"" was found dead:"	Was the Body of a CDC Doctor Who ‘Exposed’ the Flu Shot Found Floating in a River?
vclaim-sno-cdc-entering-hospital-covid	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) alleges that anyone who walks into a hospital is counted as a COVID-19 case because the government pays hospitals extra money for every case.	Did the CDC Allege Anyone Entering a Hospital is ID’ed as a COVID-19 Case?
vclaim-sno-cdc-forced-vaccinations	"The CDC has proposed a new rule enabling the agency to ""apprehend and detain anyone, anywhere, at any time, without Due Process or any right of appeal"" and ""administer forced vaccinations."""	CDC Announces Plan to Detain Americans for Forced Vaccinations?
vclaim-sno-cdc-green-zones-covid	"The CDC is setting up COVID-19 containment camps called ""green zones."""	Is the CDC Setting Up ‘Green Zones’ or COVID-19 Containment Camps?
vclaim-sno-cdc-guidelines-covid19	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's guidelines for listing COVID-19 on death certificates in the absence of a test are resulting in a case overcount.	Are CDC Guidelines for Reporting COVID-19 Deaths Artificially Inflating Numbers?
vclaim-sno-cdc-mortality-statistics	"The CDC ""quietly updated"" its COVID-19 mortality statistics in summer 2020 to show only 6% of previously reported deaths were actually due to the coronavirus, while the remaining 94% died from preexisting health conditions."	Did CDC ‘Quietly Update’ COVID-19 Deaths To Say Only 6% Are Legitimate?
vclaim-sno-cdc-report-majority-wore-masks	A study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) found that an “overwhelming majority” of individuals who contracted coronavirus had worn a mask or face covering, proving that neither are effective at preventing the spread of COVID-19.	Did CDC Report ‘Majority’ of People Who Contracted COVID-19 Wore Masks?
vclaim-sno-cdc-school-reopening-guidance	The CDC issued a stringent set of rules that U.S. schools must follow before reopening amid the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic.	Did CDC Issue Strict Rules for Reopening Schools in Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-cdc-sudden-sleepover-covid-19	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advised parents to prepare for a “sudden sleepover” in the event of an emergency, which included COVID-19 outbreaks in schools.	Did CDC Tell Parents To Prepare for ‘Sudden Sleepover’ at Schools Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-cdc-ted-cruz-mexico	In Februrary 2021, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) advised U.S. travelers to “avoid all travel to Mexico.”	Did CDC Warn Against Traveling to Mexico Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-cdc-zombie-preparedness-guide-2	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) offers “Zombie Preparedness” education materials.	Did CDC Release a ‘Zombie Preparedness’ Guide?
vclaim-sno-cedar-point-coupon-scam	Cedar Point amusement park is offering digital coupons good for four free tickets.	Cedar Point Free Ticket Scam
vclaim-sno-ceiling-whacks	In 2006, U.S. Senator Barack Obama spoke out against raising the U.S. goevrnment debt limit.	Obama on the Debt Limit
vclaim-sno-celebrity-car-crash-hoax	Joe Montana was killed in a car accident.	Joe Montana Killed in Car Accident
vclaim-sno-celebrity-cruise-lines-attacks-trump-and-his-supporters-in-new-ad	Celebrity Cruise lines released an ad saying that Donald Trump's supporters were no longer welcome on their ships.	Celebrity Cruise Lines Attacks Trump and His Supporters in New Ad?
vclaim-sno-celebrity-death-hoax-trump	A well-known celebrity passed away and left a fortune to U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 re-election campaign.	No, Another Celebrity Didn’t Die and Leave a Fortune to Trump
vclaim-sno-celebrity-death-hoax-wwes-big-show	Wrestler 'Big Show' was killed in a car accident.	Celebrity Death Hoax: WWE’s ‘Big Show’
vclaim-sno-celebrity-death-hoaxes	Celebrities on this list have died.	Celebrity Death Hoaxes
vclaim-sno-celebrity-moving-small-towns	"A well-known celebrity is moving to your town after briefly visiting and discovering ""people were people,"" ""whose sincerity you didn’t have to question."""	That Super-Famous Celebrity Isn’t Moving to Your Town
vclaim-sno-celebrity-summoned-to-jury-duty-in-your-town	[Name of celebrity] has been summoned for jury duty in [name of town] because he or she supposedly owns property there.	Celebrity Summoned to Jury Duty in Your Town!
vclaim-sno-celebrity-trump-obama-together	"Singer Dolly Parton (or actress Michelle Pfeiffer) said that ""Trump in one year is already better than 16 years of Bush and Obama put together"""	Did Dolly Parton Say: ‘Trump In One Year Is Already Better Than 16 Years of Bush, Obama Put Together’?
vclaim-sno-celine-dion-childrens-clothing	"Celine Dion launched a ""Luciferian gender-neutral"" children's clothing line."	Did Celine Dion Launch a ‘Luciferian’ Children’s Clothing Line?
vclaim-sno-celine-dion-death-hoax	Singer Celine Dion has been killed in a car crash.	Celine Dion Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-celine-dion-flag-hate-this-country	Singer Celine Dion said that she can't even look at an American flag because she hates the country.	Did Celine Dion Say ‘I Can’t Even Look at an American Flag’ Because ‘I Hate This Country?’
vclaim-sno-cell-o-feign	Businessman participating in an impressive-sounding phone conversation is revealed to be using a fake phone.	Fake Phone Embarrassment
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-cause-brain-damage	"The ""radiation"" from cell phones is causing mass insanity resulting in ""snowflake"" people."	Do Cell Phones Cause Brain Damage and Create ‘Snowflakes and Crybullies’?
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-credit	Forwarding a text message to ten other people will get you a $60.00 or $160 credit on your cell phone bill.	Cell Phone Credit for Text Message Forward
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-explosion-gas-station	A gas station explosion caught on camera was caused by children using a mobile phone in the backseat of a car.	Does This Video Show a Car Exploding at a Gas Station Due to Cellphone Use?
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-functions	List details five little-known but useful functions associated with cell phones.	Things You Never Knew Your Cell Phone Could Do
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-numbers-given-telemarketers	"Cell phone users must register their numbers with the national ""Do Not Call"" directory by a given deadline to prevent their cell phone numbers from being released to telemarketers."	Are Cell Phone Numbers Being Given to Telemarketers?
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-pistol-alert	Criminals have devised a new cell phone-like gun to fool police officers.	Cell Phone Guns
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-salute	Images show President Obama disembarking from Marine One with a cell phone or coffee cup in his hand.	President Obama’s Cell Phone Salute
vclaim-sno-cell-phone-security	Pressing a sequence of keys on your cell phone will produce a serial number that can be used to disable it in case of theft.	Cell Phone Security
vclaim-sno-cell-phones-horns-skulls	"Young people are growing ""horns"" in the base of their skulls from looking down at cellphone screens."	Are Cellphones Causing Horns to Grow from Young People’s Skulls?
vclaim-sno-cellphone-prediction-from-1953	A newspaper clipping from 1953 features a relatively accurate prediction about future telephones.	Is This Cellphone Prediction from 1953 Real?
vclaim-sno-cellular-disruption	A woman contracted breast cancer from carrying a cell phone in her bra.	Cell Phones in Bras Cause Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-cement-lovers-car-revenge	Man who drives a cement mixer for a living notices a strange car parked in his driveway and assumes the owner is having an affair with his wife; as revenge he fills the car with concrete, only to discover that the car was a present from his wife.	Cement in Lover’s Car Revenge?
vclaim-sno-cemetery-plot	Accused bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev is going to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	Tamerlan Tsarnaev Buried at Arlington National Cemetery?
vclaim-sno-census-bureau-japanese-americans	Information shared with other agencies by the U.S. Census Bureau helped the government target Japanese Americans for relocation and internment during World War II.	Did the Census Bureau Play a Role in the Internment of Japanese Americans During World War II?
vclaim-sno-census-form-with-citizenship-question	A meme shows the current U.S. census form, which includes a question about the citizenship of respondents.	Does This Image Show a U.S. Census Form with Citizenship Question?
vclaim-sno-cent-to-college	An enterprising college student solicited one-cent donations to finance his education.	Cent to College
vclaim-sno-center-stage	The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts is changing its name to the Obama Center.	Is the Kennedy Center Changing to the Obama Center?
vclaim-sno-centrifugal-birthing-apparatus	An invention was patented that used centrifugal force to aid in childbirth.	Was an Invention Patented That Used Centrifugal Force in Birth?
vclaim-sno-cereal-killers	The child actor who sang “They’re gonna taste great” in a Kellogg’s Frosties commercial committed suicide, was murdered by bullies, or died of cancer.	Frosties ‘They’re Gonna Taste Great’ Actor Suicide
vclaim-sno-ceremonial-swords	Midshipmen did not wear ceremonial swords at the 2009 U.S. Naval Academy graduation ceremonies due to the presence of President Obama.	Ceremonial Swords at Naval Academy Graduation
vclaim-sno-certifiably-wrong	The Kenyan government has released “11 exclusive documents” suggesting that Barack Obama was born in that country.	Kenya: Authorities Release Barack Obama’s ‘Real’ Birth Certificate
vclaim-sno-cesar-millan-dead	Cesar Millan has died.	Cesar Millan Dead?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-izzy-hernandez	"A photograph of Cesar Sayoc and Israel ""Izzy"" Hernandez is evidence of a Democrat-orchestrated ""false flag"" operation."	Does This Photograph Show Pipe-Bombing Suspect Cesar Sayoc With a ‘Known Democrat,’ Proving a Hoax Conspiracy?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-lifelong-democrat	Cesar Sayoc was a lifelong Democrat who “recently” plastered his van with pro-Trump stickers before sending bombs to Democrats and media figures.	Was Cesar Sayoc a Lifelong Democrat Who “Recently” Covered His Van in Trump Stickers?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-obama-supporting-stripper	Cesar Sayoc, the man accused of mailing bombs to prominent Democratic lawmakers and media organizations critical of President Trump, used to be a stripper and was “long known to support Obama.”	Was Cesar Sayoc an Obama-Supporting Stripper Before Trump’s Rise?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-party-registration	A screenshot from MyLife.com confirms that mail bomb suspect Cesar Sayoc was registered as a Democrat.	Was Mail Bombing Suspect Cesar Sayoc a Registered Democrat?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-stormy-daniels	Cesar Sayoc and Stormy Daniels worked at the same Florida strip club, suggesting or proving their parts in an anti-Trump conspiracy theory.	Did Pipe-Bombing Suspect Cesar Sayoc Work at the Same Strip Club as Stormy Daniels, Proving a Hoax Conspiracy?
vclaim-sno-cesar-sayoc-trump-rallies	Photographs and videos show pipe-bombing suspect Cesar Sayoc in attendance at Donald Trump rallies.	Did Pipe-Bombing Suspect Cesar Sayoc Attend Donald Trump Rallies?
vclaim-sno-cetacean-harvestation	Dolphins are scooped into nets and canned by cranberry farmers during harvest season.	Cetacean Harvestation
vclaim-sno-cfl-bulb-fire-risk	CFL bulbs pose a significant fire risk with ordinary use.	CFL Bulb Fire Risk
vclaim-sno-cfl-light-bulbs-soft-attack	CFL light bulbs are dangerous compared to conventional incandescent bulbs because they emit higher levels of radiation.	Do CFL Light Bulbs Emit Harmful Levels of Radiation?
vclaim-sno-chad-cop-photo	"A photograph shows a police officer who resembles the ""Chad"" internet meme."	Is the ‘Chad Cop’ Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-chad-nishimura-mandalay-bay-las-vegas	"Mandalay Bay Hotel worker Chad Nishimura ""vanished"" after giving a reporter a description of the suspected Las Vegas gunman that clashed with the ""official narrative."""	Did a Mandalay Bay Hotel Worker ‘Vanish’ After Giving an Interview?
vclaim-sno-chad	The word ‘chad’ comes from the “Chadless keypunch,” so named after its inventor, a	Origin of ‘Chad’
vclaim-sno-chadwick-boseman-poisoned	"An autopsy revealed that the late ""Black Panther"" star Chadwick Boseman had died from poisoning."	No, Chadwick Boseman Wasn’t Poisoned
vclaim-sno-chaffetz-trump-probe	Rep. Jason Chaffetz is investigating a PBS show instead of President Donald Trump's alleged Russian connections	Is Jason Chaffetz Avoiding a Trump Probe to Investigate a Children’s Show?
vclaim-sno-chagas-disease	Kissing bugs in the U.S. carry a disease-causing parasite.	Can You Get Chagas Disease from Kissing Bugs?
vclaim-sno-chaiten-volcano	Photographs show a volcanic lightning storm in Chile.	Volcano Clouds and Lightning Bolts
vclaim-sno-challenger-crew-alive	The seven astronauts supposedly killed in the 1986 Space Shuttle Challenger explosion are quietly living out their lives in the U.S.	Are the Crew of the Exploded Challenger Space Shuttle Still Alive?
vclaim-sno-challenger-crew-tape	A secret tape recorded aboard the doomed space shuttle Challenger captured the final panic-stricken moments of the crew.	Are These the Final Words of the Challenger Crew?
vclaim-sno-chameleon-changing-colors	Video clip shows a chameleon changing colors to match sunglass frames.	Chameleon Changing Colors
vclaim-sno-chameleon-climbing-colored-pencils	A video shows a chameleon quickly changing colors as it climbs a series of connected colored pencils.	Is a Chameleon Changing Colors as It Climbs Colored Pencils in This Video?
vclaim-sno-chameleon-sunglass-match	A video clip shows a chameleon changing colors to match sunglass frames.	Can This Chameleon Match Sunglass Colors?
vclaim-sno-chanel-no-5-discontinued	Iconic legacy fragrance Chanel No. 5 will be discontinued because the construction of a train track in France threatens its flower supply chain.	Chanel No. 5 to be Discontinued?
vclaim-sno-change-channel-on-inauguration	Television viewers can drastically lower the TV ratings for Donald Trump's inauguration by changing the channel.	Can TV Viewers Protest Donald Trump’s Inauguration by Changing the Channel?
vclaim-sno-change-is-in-the-air	Photographs show thieving birds stealing quarters from a car wash.	Change Is in the Air!
vclaim-sno-changing-early-votes	After FBI Director Jim Comey announced that he was reviewing e-mails potentially linked to Hillary Clinton, several states announced that they were allowing people to change their early votes.	Voted Early for Hillary Clinton? Want to Change Your Mind?
vclaim-sno-channel-1	Television sets don't have a Channel 1 because that frequency had already been reserved for military use.	Channel 1
vclaim-sno-channing-tatum-jenna-dewan-divorce	Actor Channing Tatum and dancer and actor Jenna Dewan announced their separation in April 2018.	Did Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan Break Up?
vclaim-sno-channing-tatum-rumor	Actor Channing Tatum came out as gay.	Did Channing Tatum Come Out as Gay?
vclaim-sno-chariot-wheels-found-bottom-red-sea	Archaeologists have discovered Pharaoh's chariot and the bones of horses and men under the Red Sea.	Were Chariot Wheels Found at the Bottom of the Red Sea?
vclaim-sno-charles-krauthammer-the-enemy-among-us	"Columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote an opinion piece entitled ""The Enemy Among Us"" alleging that former President Barack Obama was creating a ""shadow government"" through his nonprofit Organizing for Action."	Did Charles Krauthammer Write an Op-Ed Called ‘The Enemy Among Us?’
vclaim-sno-charles-krauthammer	Message accurately summarizes Charles Krauthammer’s talk at the Center of the American Experiment.	Charles Krauthammer on President Obama
vclaim-sno-charles-lieber-arrested-coronavirus	Harvard professor Charles Lieber was arrested for concealing funding from a Chinese lab connected to the origin of the new coronavirus.	Was Charles Lieber Arrested for Selling the COVID-19 Coronavirus to China?
vclaim-sno-charles-manson-endorses-trump	Notorious criminal Charles Manson has endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Charles Manson Endorses Trump
vclaim-sno-charles-manson-guitar-church	"A photograph shows convicted murderer and Manson family cult leader Charles Manson playing a guitar ""in church."""	Does Meme Show Charles Manson Playing Guitar in Church?
vclaim-sno-charleston-church-shooter-dylann-roof-raped-cell	Convicted Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was raped in prison.	Charleston Church Shooter Dylann Roof Was Raped in His Cell
vclaim-sno-charleys-browned	A Charley’s Grilled Subs outlet in Stockton, California, refused service to two	Charley’s Grilled Subs Refuses Services to Marines?
vclaim-sno-charlie-brown-christmas-christian-content-warnings	"ABC Family aired ""Christian content warnings"" before ""A Charlie Brown Christmas."""	Charlie Brown Christmas ‘Christian Content’ Warnings
vclaim-sno-charlie-brown-racist-franklin	A photograph of Franklin, the one black character on 'Peanuts,' sitting alone on Thanksgiving documents that the creator of 'Peanuts' was racist.	You’re a Racist, Charlie Brown?
vclaim-sno-charlie-chaplin-love-self-poem	"Silent-era actor Charlie Chaplin wrote a poem entitled, ""As I Began to Love Myself."""	Did Charlie Chaplin Write the Poem, ‘As I Began to Love Myself’?
vclaim-sno-charlie-codling	Charlie Codling, a 4-year-old boy with a terminal brain tumor, wants postcards.	Postcards for Terminally Ill Boy Named Charlie Codling
vclaim-sno-charlie-sheen-death-hoax	Actor Charlie Sheen has died of a heart attack.	Charlie Sheen Dead?
vclaim-sno-charlotte-hospitality	The 2012 Democratic National Convention declined to allow a religious group to donate gift baskets to delegates because of their stance on women’s rights.	Charlotte Hospitality
vclaim-sno-charlotte-protesters-out-of-state-criminals	70 per cent of the persons arrested during protests in Charlotte had out-of-state IDs.	70% of Arrested Charlotte Protesters Are Out-of-State Criminals
vclaim-sno-charlotte-tells-rioters-anyone-caught-looting-will-lose-welfare-and-food-stamps-permanently	"Charlotte ""rioters"" will lose all government benefits if caught ""looting"" during protests after the death of Keith Lamont Scott."	Charlotte Tells Rioters Anyone Caught Looting Will Lose Welfare and Food Stamps Permanently
vclaim-sno-charlottesville-killer-radical-leftist	"The driver of the vehicle that killed one person and injured more than a dozen others at the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, is a known ""radical leftist"" supported by Hillary Clinton and George Soros."	Is the Accused Charlottesville Killer an ‘Anti-Trump Leftist’ Supported by Clinton, Soros?
vclaim-sno-chase-and-wells-fargo-among-banks-financing-dakota-pipeline	Wells Fargo and Chase are invested in the Dakota Access Pipeline.	Chase and Wells Fargo Among Banks Financing Dakota Pipeline?
vclaim-sno-chase-bank-deleted-tweet	Chase Bank deleted a tweet advising consumers to shore up low account balances by not eating out or buying coffee.	Did Chase Bank Delete a Tweet Taunting People Who Ask ‘Why Is My Balance So Low’?
vclaim-sno-chasing-money	Chase Bank does not allow cash deposits made by non-account holders.	Chase Bank Won’t Allow Cash Deposits?
vclaim-sno-chattanooga-hue-hoo	A man in Chattanooga pretending to be drunk fools women drivers into thinking they’ve hit him as a method of luring them from their vehicles.	Fake Drunk Lures Motorists
vclaim-sno-chauvin-floyd-club-employment	George Floyd and then-Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin once worked together at a club and knew each other.	Did George Floyd and Then-Officer Derek Chauvin Work Together in Minneapolis?
vclaim-sno-che-guevara-executing-women	A photograph shows Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara executing two women.	Does This Photograph Show Che Guevara Executing Two Women?
vclaim-sno-cheap-swills	Charles Shaw wine was sold cheaply because airlines could no longer use corkscrews after 9/11 and dumped their stocks of wine.	Why Is Charles Shaw Wine So Cheap?
vclaim-sno-cheapskate-brags-pressuring-waiter-5-tip	A couple determined their tip to a waitress by dangling five $1 bills at their table.	‘Cheapskate’ Brags About Pressuring Waiter for $5 Tip
vclaim-sno-cheating-at-the-gas-pump	Account reports instances of customers being cheated by malfunctioning gas pumps.	Cheating at the Gas Pump
vclaim-sno-cheating-husband-castration	A 43-year-old woman forced her unfaithful husband to eat his own genitals.	Did a Woman Make Her Cheating Husband Eat His Own Genitals?
vclaim-sno-check-and-double-check	Forger steals money by manipulating ABA symbols on checks.	Check Fraud by Manipulating Routing Numbers
vclaim-sno-check-from-a-stranger-for-real	Someone you don’t know sends you a check, and then asks you to deposit it and send some of the money to another party.	Is This Unexpected Check from a Stranger for Real?
vclaim-sno-check-mate	Woman without driver’s license tries to cash check by offering magazine featuring nude photos of herself as identification.	Centerfold Picture as ID
vclaim-sno-check-sum-error	Dollar disappears during motel transaction.	Missing Dollar Puzzle
vclaim-sno-check-the-can	Message advocates a one-month boycott of Chinese-made goods.	Check the Can
vclaim-sno-cheerleader-accident	A photograph captures a cheerleader suffering an unfortunate bout of diarrhea in mid-air as her horrified teammates watch.	Cheerleader Poops at Football Game?
vclaim-sno-cheerleader-sniper	"A ""motivational poster"" shows a former cheerleader turned Air Force sniper."	Is This a Picture of a ‘Cheerleader’ Sniper?
vclaim-sno-cheese-phone-pocket	A video shows Dutch politician Tunahan Kuzu putting a grilled cheese in his pocket before an interview.	Did This Dutch Politician Put a Grilled Cheese Sandwich in His Pocket Before an Interview?
vclaim-sno-cheesecake-factory-closing-rumor	The Cheesecake Factory is closing all of its restaurants for good.	Is The Cheesecake Factory Closing All Its Restaurants?
vclaim-sno-cheesecake-factory-gift-card	Free $100 Cheesecake Factory gift cards for all Facebook users.	Free $100 Cheesecake Factory Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-cheesecake-factory-receipt	In September 2017, a Cheesecake Factory customer in California received a check that presented misleading and exaggerated tip suggestions.	Did a Cheesecake Factory Customer Receive Misleading ‘Tip Suggestions’ on His Receipt?
vclaim-sno-cheetah-greyhound-audi-ad	A photograph shows a sleepy cheetah at a greyhound race.	Is This a Cheetah at a Dog Race?
vclaim-sno-cheetos-changed-to-green	Frito-Lay changed the original orange color of Cheetos to avoid association with U.S. president Donald Trump.	Did Frito-Lay Change the Color of Cheetos to Avoid Association with Trump?
vclaim-sno-cheez-it-tbhq	Cheez-It brand crackers contain the preservative TBHQ, which is made from butane and is dangerous to consume.	Cheez-It Crackers and TBHQ
vclaim-sno-chef-boyardee	Chef Boyardee was a fictional creation whose name was taken from the given names of the company's three founders: Boyd, Art, and Dennis.	Is Chef Boyardee Actually Three People?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-abortion-good-for-economy	Chelsea Clinton said that legalizing abortion created trillions of dollars worth of economic growth.	Did Chelsea Clinton Say Legalizing Abortion Added Trillions to the Economy?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-arrest-13-year-old	Chelsea Clinton was arrested in April 2017 for having sex with a minor.	Chelsea Clinton Was Arrested for Having Sex With a 13 Year-Old Boy?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-arrested	"""A furious Chelsea Clinton"" was handcuffed and dragged away after Sen. Hal Lindsay exposed Clinton corruption."	Was Chelsea Clinton ‘Thrown to the Floor’ and Handcuffed?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-church-satan	In a 2 January 2018 Twitter thread, Chelsea Clinton wished the Church of Satan a Happy New Year.	Did Chelsea Clinton Tweet ‘Happy New Year’ to the Church of Satan?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-female-genital-mutilation	"Chelsea Clinton tweeted that ""genital mutilation"" is a culturally loaded, racist term, and that the practice of ""genital cutting"" has many health benefits."	Did Chelsea Clinton Say Female Genital Mutilation Has ‘Health Benefits’?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-george-soros-nephew	Chelsea Clinton is married to George Soros' nephew.	Is Chelsea Clinton Married to George Soros’ Nephew?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-made-900000-working-for-her-parents	Chelsea Clinton was paid $900,000 to work for her parents after she finished college.	Chelsea Clinton Made $900,000 Working for Her Parents
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-marijuana	During a campaign rally, Chelsea Clinton stated that marijuana use can be fatal.	Did Chelsea Clinton Say That Marijuana Is Killing People?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-pizzagate-tweet	"Hillary Clinton's daughter Chelsea ""admitted"" in a tweet that the Pizzagate conspiracy is ""real."""	Did Chelsea Clinton Tweet That ‘Pizzagate Is Real’?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-satanism-respect	Chelsea Clinton said Satanism is a religion that deserves respect.	Did Chelsea Clinton Say Satanism Is a Religion That Deserves Respect?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-un-christian-to-protect-babies	"Chelsea Clinton said it would be ""un-Christian"" to protect babies from abortion."	Did Chelsea Clinton Say It Would Be ‘Un-Christian’ to Protect Babies from Abortion?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clinton-upside-down-satanic-cross	Chelsea Clinton wears an upside-down (inverted) cross that is symbolic of Satan worship.	Does Chelsea Clinton Wear an Upside-Down ‘Satanic’ Cross?
vclaim-sno-chelsea-clintons-apartment-is-actually-a-hospital	Chelsea Clinton's home is actually a medical care facility for Hillary Clinton in order to more effectively hide and treat her health problems.	Chelsea Clinton’s Apartment Houses a Secret Hospital
vclaim-sno-chelsea-king	A 17-year-old girl named Chelsea King is missing from her San Diego-area home.	Missing Girl – Chelsea King
vclaim-sno-chemical-turning-into-milk	A video demonstrates the creation of fake milk when it shows a brown liquid turn milky white in the presence of water.	Does This Video Show Water and a “Chemical” Turning Into “Milk”?
vclaim-sno-chemically-ripened-bananas	The combination of green stalks and brown spots in a bunch of bananas is indicative of chemical ripening; black stalks indicate a naturally ripened banana.	Can You Tell If a Banana Is “Chemically Ripened” by Looking at It?
vclaim-sno-chemicals-in-bananas	A list of chemicals, written as if they were ingredients on a food label, accurately depicts the chemical composition of a banana.	Are All These Chemicals Found in a Banana?
vclaim-sno-chemistree-olive-tree	"A viral ""chemistree"" post features a genuine photograph."	Is This ‘Chemistree’ Picture Real?
vclaim-sno-chemotherapy-doctor-blows-the-whistle	Dr. Hardin B. Jones recently revealed that chemotherapy doesn't work 97% of the time, and doctors only recommend it to get kickbacks.	Chemotherapy Doesn’t Work, Doctor Blows the Whistle
vclaim-sno-chemtrails-switch-photo	A photograph shows a chemtrail switch on a plane.	Chemtrails Switch Photo
vclaim-sno-cher-plant-marriage-plans	Musicians Robert Plant and Cher plan to wed at Westminster Abbey in July 2016.	Cher and Robert Plant Aren’t Getting Married
vclaim-sno-chernobyl-animals	"A picture shows a new animal species that's ""taking over"" at Chernobyl."	Is This a ‘New Animal Species Taking Over Chernobyl’?
vclaim-sno-cheryl-mills-leaked-email	"A leaked e-mail revealed Clinton aide Cheryl Mills calling the men who died in Benghazi ""idiot soldiers"" and saying she was glad they were tortured."	Cheryl Mills Called Benghazi Dead ‘Idiot Soldiers’ in Leaked E-Mail
vclaim-sno-chester-bennington-and-chris-cornell-murdered	Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell were murdered because they were about to reveal a ring of pedophiles.	Were Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell Murdered to Cover Up a Pedophile Ring?
vclaim-sno-chestfeeding-breastfeeding	"A maternity department at a U.K. hospital announced in February 2021 that it was expanding terms it used in maternity care to include, for example, ""chestfeeding"" and ""pregnant people,"" in order to be more inclusive of trans and nonbinary patients."	Were UK Midwives Encouraged To Say ‘Chestfeeding’ To Be More Inclusive?
vclaim-sno-chevrolet-nova-name-spanish	"The Chevrolet Nova sold poorly in Spanish-speaking countries because its name translates as ""doesn't go"" in Spanish."	Did the Chevrolet Nova Fail to Sell in Spanish-Speaking Countries?
vclaim-sno-chevron-and-the-national-guard	Chevron has denied accommodation to Louisiana National Guard helicopters battling the Gulf oil spill.	Chevron and the National Guard
vclaim-sno-chevy-chase-death-hoax	Chevy Chase died of a heart attack on 4 January 2016.	Chevy Chase Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-chevy-duty	A group of former General Motors workers furtively produced 1957 Chevrolet automobiles on their own for ten years.	Were 1957 Chevies Secretly Produced Until 1967?
vclaim-sno-chevy-revolt	The Chevy Volt “costs more than 7 times as much to run and takes 3 times as long to drive across country” than a standard automobile.	Cost to Operate the Chevy Volt
vclaim-sno-chevy-suburban-kills-baby	An Image depicts a fatal collision involving a Chevy Suburban that recklessly merged ahead of a tractor-trailer, resulting in the death of an infant.	Chevy Suburban Merges in Front of 18-Wheeler, Kills Baby?
vclaim-sno-chewed-out	Dogs die after eating children’s stuffed toys that contain flame-retardant materials.	Dog Deaths from Chewing Stuffed Toys
vclaim-sno-chewy-dog-deaths-flowers	Chewy.com refunded the purchase of two bags of dog food and sent flowers when a customer's two dogs died.	Did an Online Retailer Send Flowers to a Customer Whose Dogs Died?
vclaim-sno-chi-products-tj-maxx-marshalls	Retailers T.J. Maxx and Marshall's sell counterfeit salon products.	Fake CHI Products at T.J. Maxx and Marshall’s
vclaim-sno-chicago-bare	A naked housewife wearing only a football helmet encounters a meter reader.	Naked Housewife in Football Helmet
vclaim-sno-chicago-code-blue-fb-meme	The Chicago Code Blue Facebook page shared a meme mocking Jacob Blake, who was paralyzed after being shot in the back by a police officer in Wisconsin in August 2020.	Did Chicago Code Blue FB Page Post a Meme Mocking Jacob Blake?
vclaim-sno-chicago-cubs-108	A list of coincidences connecting the number 108 to the Chicago Cubs world series victory in 2016 is accurate.	The Chicago Cubs and the Significance of ‘108’
vclaim-sno-chicago-nope	An outbreak of Ebola in Chicago has sickened four people and killed three.	Chicago Ebola Outbreak Kills Three?
vclaim-sno-chicago-purge-murders	A group of teenagers re-enacting the plot of the film	112 Murdered by Group of Teens Reenacting ‘The Purge 2’ Movie in Chicago
vclaim-sno-chicago-violence-weekend	A recent weekend of violence in Chicago left 11 people dead and dozens more wounded but attracted relatively little press coverage.	Were 11 People Killed, Dozens More Wounded Over One Weekend in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-chicagos-local-undocumented-vote	A local identification card program in Chicago would allow undocumented immigrants to vote in United States elections.	Does Chicago’s Identification Card Program Allow Undocumented Immigrants to Vote?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-17-starting-wage	Chick-fil-A offers a starting wage of $17.	Does Chick-fil-A Pay a $17 Starting Wage?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-anti-lgbt-donations	In November 2019, Chick-fil-A announced it would no longer provide charitable donations to Christian groups criticized as being anti-LGBT.	Did Chick-fil-A Stop Donations to Groups Criticized as Anti-LGBT?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-blacks	Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy announced that the chain would oppose blacks as a marketing ploy.	Did Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy Say ‘We Don’t Like the Blacks Either’?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-coupon-scam	Chick-fil-A is sending coupons via Facebook Messenger that offer free restaurant meals for one year.	No, Chick-fil-A Isn’t Giving Away Free Meals on Facebook Messenger
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-crime-legislation	House Democrats have drafted legislation to make it a hate crime to eat at Chick-Fil-A.	Did Democrats Draft Legislation That Would Make Eating at Chick-Fil-A a Hate Crime?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-food-stranded-storm	Chick-fil-A provided free food to motorists stranded during a blizzard in Birmingham, Alabama.	Did Chick-fil-A Give Free Food to Motorists Stranded in a Snowstorm?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-gay-marriage	Chick-fil-A has donated money to organizations that oppose same-sex marriage.	Chick-fil-A and Same-Sex Marriage
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-gift-basket	Fast-food chain Chick-fil-A is giving away a gift basket to customers who share or comment on a Facebook post.	No, Chick-fil-A Isn’t Giving Away Gift Baskets
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-just-dropped-a-bomb-on-black-lives-matter	"Chick-fil-A distributed ""Back the Blue"" shirts in the wake of July 2016 ""Black Lives Matter"" protests."	Did Chick-fil-A Just ‘Drop a Bomb’ on Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-long-lines-lawsuit	A man sued the Chick-fil-A chain because of its restaurants' long drive-thru lines.	Did a Man Sue Chick-fil-A Over Long Drive-Thru Lines?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-meal-promo	New or expectant moms can receive a generous free meal from their local Chick-fil-A.	Is Chick-fil-A Offering a Free Meal Promotion for Mothers?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-mothers-day	Chick-fil-A is offering free Mother's Day lunches on 14 May 2017.	Is Chick-fil-A Offering Free Food for Mother’s Day?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-promotions	Chick-fil-A is giving away free meals from the chain in 2020.	Is Chick-fil-A Giving Away Its Food Free for a Year?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-shine-shoes	Chick-fil-A CEO Dan Cathy said white people should shine the shoes of Black people in order to show shame about racism.	Did Chick-fil-A CEO Say White People Should Shine Black People’s Shoes?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-sunday-tradition	"At least one Chick-fil-A restaurant ""broke from tradition"" and opened on a Sunday."	Yes, a Chick-fil-A ‘Broke from Tradition’ and Opened on Sunday
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-a-tiktok-nuggets-recipe	A TikTok video recorded at Chick-fil-A showed the process for creating the fast food restaurant's chicken nuggets.	Did a TikTok Video Reveal Recipe Process for Chick-fil-A’s Nuggets?
vclaim-sno-chick-fil-open-sundays	Chick-fil-A restaurants have announced they will be reversing their longstanding policy and start opening on Sundays.	Are Chick-fil-A Restaurants Opening on Sundays?
vclaim-sno-chicken-contains-arsenic	The FDA admitted in 2015 that 70% of chickens sold for food in the U.S. contain cancer-causing arsenic.	Did the FDA Admit That 70% of U.S. Chickens Contain Arsenic?
vclaim-sno-chicken-fried-spake	Michelle Obama gave voters permission to eat fried chicken after voting.	Michelle Obama Permits Voters to Eat Fried Chicken?
vclaim-sno-chicken-hawked	Photographs show businesses that posted “A taxpayer voting for Barack Obama is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders” signs.	Chicken Votes for Colonel Sanders
vclaim-sno-chicken-little	A 3-year-old girl was ordered to leave a KFC outlet because her facial injuries were disturbing to customers.	3-Year-Old Asked to Leave KFC Because of Facial Scars
vclaim-sno-chicken-mcbites	A McDonald’s advertisement described petting pit bulls as a “risky” behavior.	McDonald’s Chicken McBites vs. Pit Bull
vclaim-sno-chicken-nugget-murder-recall	A massive recall of chicken nuggets is underway after authorities in Iowa found human remains in a meat processing facility.	Chicken Nugget Murder Recall?
vclaim-sno-chicken-nuggets-feather-cells	A company is developing a lab-grown chicken nugget made from feathers.	Are Chicken Nuggets Made From Feathers Heading to Store Shelves?
vclaim-sno-chicken-sandwich-tumor	The mayonnaise oozing from a chicken sandwich turned out to be pus from a tumor in the chicken.	Was the Mayonnaise on a Chicken Sandwich Actually a Tumor?
vclaim-sno-chicks-hatched-without-eggshell	A video shows a group of high school students hatching a chick that developed outside an eggshell for the first time in history.	Chicks Hatched Without Eggshells
vclaim-sno-chief-complaint	A photograph shows the chief of Brazil's Kayapó tribe weeping over the approval of a hydroelectric dam project that would destroy tribal forest areas.	Chief of the Kayapó Devastated
vclaim-sno-chihuahuas-asthma-cure	Owning a chihuahua can help cure a person of asthma.	Can Owning a Chihuahua Cure Asthma?
vclaim-sno-chihuahuas-rodents	Chihuahuas are actually a type of rodent bred to resemble dogs.	Are Chihuahuas Actually a Type of Rodent?
vclaim-sno-child-abduction-kansas	"As of October 2017, there was an ""epidemic of child abduction"" in the state of Kansas."	Is There an ‘Epidemic of Child Abduction’ in Kansas?
vclaim-sno-child-abduction-shoes	An attempted abduction of a child from a mall or amusement park was thwarted because the kidnappers forgot to change the child's shoes.	Child Abduction from Theme Park Thwarted by Shoes
vclaim-sno-child-asthma-die-parents-switched-essential-oils-treatment	A child died in June 2018 because his parents used essential oils to treat his asthma.	Did a Child with Asthma Die After Parents Switched to Essential Oils as Treatment?
vclaim-sno-child-bride-florida	An 11-year-old Florida girl was depicted in a shocking photograph and forced to marry a much older man who raped her.	Was an 11-Year-Old Girl Forced to Marry Her Rapist in Florida?
vclaim-sno-child-coal-miner	A photograph shows a 6-year-old child working as a coal miner.	Is This a Photo of a 6-Year-Old Coal Miner?
vclaim-sno-child-defective-services	Child Protective Services in Washington removed three young children from their parents’ care because homebirth is considered dangerous.	Breastfed, Homebirthed Babies Taken Away from Parents for Not Using Hospital?
vclaim-sno-child-extort	A man was ordered to pay $30,000 in support for a child that DNA testing proved was not his.	Not the Father, But Ordered to Pay $30,000 in Child Support
vclaim-sno-child-flipped-by-fountain	A video shows a powerful jet of water flipping a child at a park.	Does This Video Show a Child Flipped by a Fountain?
vclaim-sno-child-fork-nose	Photographs show a boy whose nose has been impaled with a fork.	Does This Photo Show a Boy with a Fork Through His Nose?
vclaim-sno-child-heartworm-dog	A photograph shows the heart of a child who contracted a fatal case of heartworm from kissing and sleeping with a dog.	Did a Child Die from Heartworm Contracted from a Dog?
vclaim-sno-child-miners-electric-cars-work	Electric car manufacturers rely on child labor to extract cobalt for their car batteries.	Are Child Miners Exploited to Manufacture Electric Car Batteries?
vclaim-sno-child-predator-legal-appeal	"A sex offender won an appeal of his conviction on the grounds that ""pedophiles are a persecuted minority""?"	Did a Convicted Child Predator Win an Appeal on Discrimination Grounds?
vclaim-sno-child-prostitution-legalized-in-california	California has passed a law that legalizes child prostitution.	Has Child Prostitution Been Legalized in California?
vclaim-sno-child-shooting-dog-photos	Photographs show a small child forced to put down his dog with a handgun.	Do Photographs Show a Child Forced to Shoot His Dog?
vclaim-sno-child-smoking-cigarette-soccer	A photograph shows a child smoking a cigarette at a soccer game.	Was a Child Spotted Smoking a Cigarette at a Soccer Game?
vclaim-sno-child-support-abolished	All child support in the U.S. will end on 11 June 2018.	Will All Child Support in the U.S. End on June 11th 2018?
vclaim-sno-child-support-card-delaware	"Delaware has issued a new ""child support card"" that cannot be used to purchase items such as alcohol or cigarettes."	Delaware Child Support Card
vclaim-sno-childhood-photo-justin-trudeau	A childhood photograph shows Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau riding on the back of a black boy.	Have Childhood Pictures of Justin Trudeau Come Back to Haunt Him?
vclaim-sno-children-detention-center-trump	Photographs show children at an immigrant detention center sleeping with aluminum blankets during U.S. President Donald Trump's administration.	Do Photos Show Children at Detention Center Under Trump’s Watch?
vclaim-sno-children-expelled-wearing-crucifixes	A school principal in Richmond expelled two children for wearing crucifixes to school.	Did Principal Mamasai Mamakusa Expel Two Children for Wearing Crucifixes?
vclaim-sno-children-immigration-court-deportation-attorney	Children in immigration court do not have the right to free, court-appointed attorneys.	Do Children in Immigration Proceedings Have No Right to Court-Appointed Representation?
vclaim-sno-children-left-behind	Ten U.S. states will be ending the practice of requiring child support payments.	Ten States Ending Child Support in 2015?
vclaim-sno-children-motorcycle-ban	A new federal law will bar persons under the age of 18-years old from riding as passengers on motorcycles.	New Regulation Bans Children from Riding on Motorcycles
vclaim-sno-children-raped-illegal-immigrants	Some 10,8000 U.S. children were raped by illegal immigrants in 2018.	Were 10,800 U.S. Children Raped by Illegal Immigrants in 2018?
vclaim-sno-childrens-concentration-camp	A photograph shows a 'kids' concentration camp' in the U.S.	Is This a Photograph of a Children’s Concentration Camp in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-childrens-snacks-petroleum	Snacks marketed to children are heavily laden with ingredients that cause cancer.	Cancer-Causing Children’s Snacks Made from Petroleum-Based Products
vclaim-sno-childs-play	During an episode of Julia Child's television program, she dropped a turkey on the floor and then picked it up and put it back on the counter.	Did Julia Child Drop a Turkey on the Floor and Cook It Anyway?
vclaim-sno-chilis-planned-parenthood	The Chili's restaurant chain donates 15 percent of every sale to Planned Parenthood.	Is Chili’s Donating 15 Percent of Every Sale to Planned Parenthood?
vclaim-sno-chimera-cat	Photograph shows a half-black, half-tabby “chimera cat.”	Chimera Cat
vclaim-sno-chimera-house	Somewhere in the U.S. is a haunted house attraction so scary that no visitor has ever completed a tour of it.	The Unfinishable Haunted House
vclaim-sno-chimpanzee-rapidly-memorizes-locates-numbers-on-a-screen	A video shows a chimpanzee rapidly memorizing the location of numbers from 1-9 on a touch screen, demonstrating its ability to recall their location by tapping (in sequential order) boxes that covered those numbers after a fraction of a second.	Chimpanzee Rapidly Memorizes, Locates Numbers on a Screen
vclaim-sno-china-50-lane-highway-traffic-jam	A photograph shows a traffic jam on China's 50-lane highway as drivers merge down to just four lanes.	Does This Image Show a Traffic Jam on China’s 50-Lane Highway?
vclaim-sno-china-anal-swabs-covid	China has started to use anal swabs in order to test for COVID-19.	Is China Using Anal Swabs to Test for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-china-boys-dead-face-mask	In 2020, two school boys in China died suddenly after wearing face masks during physical exercise.	Did Boys in China Die After Wearing Face Masks During Physical Exercise?
vclaim-sno-china-bubble-wrap-virus	Officials are warning that popping bubble wrap from China could expose one to coronavirus.	Can Popping Bubble Wrap from China Expose You to Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-china-cellphones-coronavirus	A drop of 21 million cellphone subscribers in China in early 2020 documents that the death toll from COVID-19 was vastly underreported in that country.	Did Millions of Canceled Cellphones Reveal Unreported Coronavirus Deaths in China?
vclaim-sno-china-chicken-reshipped	Chinese plants are processing chickens raised by Tyson in the U.S. and shipping them back to America.	Is China Re-Shipping Processed Chickens Back to the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-china-corned-beef-dead-bodies	China is making corned beef with dead bodies, then selling the products to Africa.	Is China Producing Corned Beef from Dead Bodies?
vclaim-sno-china-crabs-formalin	Photographs document crabs imported from China that have been injected with formalin.	Are Crabs Imported from China Injected with Formalin?
vclaim-sno-china-hospital-10-days	The Chinese government is building a hospital in 10 days to deal with the new coronavirus.	Is China Building a Hospital in 10 Days to Treat Coronavirus Patients?
vclaim-sno-china-invade-usa-bing	Bing.com confirmed that China was planning to invade the United States.	Did Bing Confirm China Would Invade the USA?
vclaim-sno-china-kill-coronavirus-patients	Chinese officials are seeking approval to start the mass killing of 20,000 people in order to stop the spread of new coronavirus.	Is China Seeking Approval to Kill 20,000 Coronavirus Patients?
vclaim-sno-china-own-dreamworks	China owns the animation studio DreamWorks.	Does China Own DreamWorks?
vclaim-sno-china-seed-mailings	Residents of various U.S. states have received unsolicited mailings of seeds sent from China with malicious intent.	Are Americans Receiving Unsolicited Mailings of Seeds from China?
vclaim-sno-china-troops-canada-invade-us	Thousands of Chinese military troops are massing in Canada, preparing to invade the U.S.	No, China Isn’t Amassing Troops in Canada To Invade the US
vclaim-sno-chinas-three-squeaks-live-mice-dish	"A popular dish in China called ""Three Squeaks"" involves eating live mice."	China’s ‘Three Squeaks’ Live Mice Dish
vclaim-sno-chinese-aircraft-carrier	Photographs show a new Chinese aircraft carrier.	Chinese Aircraft Carrier
vclaim-sno-chinese-company-buy-ge	As of late 2020 and early 2021, a Chinese company was set to purchase General Electric for $5.4 billion.	Was a Chinese Company Set to Buy General Electric in 2021?
vclaim-sno-chinese-drivers-kill-pedestrians	Drivers in China commonly intentionally kill pedestrians in hit-and-run accidents.	Chinese Wreckers
vclaim-sno-chinese-intelligence-coronavirus	A Chinese intelligence officer revealed that a new coronavirus was developed in a lab as a bioweapon.	Did a Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveal the ‘Truth About the Coronavirus Outbreak’?
vclaim-sno-chinese-lunar-moon-landings	A Chinese lunar rover found no evidence of American moon landings.	Did a Chinese Lunar Rover Find No Evidence of American Moon Landings?
vclaim-sno-chinese-politicians-executed-photo	A photograph shows 26 corrupt politicians shortly before they were executed in China.	Does This Photograph Show 26 ‘Corrupt’ Politicians Executed by China?
vclaim-sno-chinese-selling-fresh-air	Chinese people are selling each other bags of fresh air because of air pollution.	Are Chinese People Selling Each Other Bags of Fresh Air?
vclaim-sno-chinese-synthetic-cabbages	"A video depicts a Chinese vendor making ""synthetic cabbages"" for sale in American restaurants and supermarkets."	Chinese ‘Synthetic’ Cabbages
vclaim-sno-chinese-turtle-keyrings	Living turtles and fish have been packaged in plastic bags and sold as souvenir keyrings in China.	Are Turtles Used on Chinese Souvenir Keyrings?
vclaim-sno-chinook-helicopter-afghanistan-rooftop	A photograph shows a helicopter making a rooftop landing in Afghanistan.	Is This Photo of a Helicopter Rooftop Evacuation Real?
vclaim-sno-chip-chop	A study recently revealed that one out of every three Americans has been implanted with an RFID microchip.	Study Finds 1 in 3 Americans Have Been Implanted with RFID Chips: Most Unaware
vclaim-sno-chip-monk	Casino tokens collected by Catholic churches in Las Vegas are sent to a monastery for sorting and redeemed by Franciscans known as “chip monks.”	Chip Monk
vclaim-sno-chip-off-the-old-salk	“CDC whistleblower” Brent Hopskins revealed that all doses of the Ebola vaccine contain an RFID chip.	RFID Chips in Ebola Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-chip-shot-2	A couple of Intel engineers were fired after etching the phrase “Bill sux” onto a new version of the Pentium chip.	Bill Sux
vclaim-sno-chip-shot-3	As of May 2014, European Union regulations require newborn children to be implanted with RFID chips.	Chip Shot
vclaim-sno-chip-shot-4	Wal-Mart is trying out products embedded with RFID tracking chips.	WalMart Using RFID Tagging
vclaim-sno-chip-shot	Wyoming schools are implanting microchips in students.	Chip Shot
vclaim-sno-chipotle-gift-card-giveaway	Chipotle is giving away free $100 gift cards to internet users who share a link with their friends.	Chipotle $100 Gift Card Giveaway
vclaim-sno-chipotle-gmo-bioterror	Chipotle's 2015 outbreaks of foodborne illness were the work of pro-GMO bioterrorists.	Chipotle Sabotaged by GMO Activists?
vclaim-sno-chobani-ceo-importing-300-muslim-refugees-per-month	"Chobani CEO Hamdi Ulukaya vowed to ""drown the United States in Muslims"" and is ""importing them to Idaho 300 at a time to work in his factory."""	Chobani CEO Importing 300 Muslim Refugees per Month
vclaim-sno-chocolate-extinct-40-years	Chocolate is on track to go extinct in 40 years.	Is Chocolate ‘On Track to Go Extinct’ in 40 Years?
vclaim-sno-choke-hold	A car’s bad performance is caused by the driver’s routinely hanging her purse on the pull-out choke lever.	Purse Hung on Choke
vclaim-sno-chop-suey-origins	The popular Chinese dish chop suey is actually American.	Chop Suey Origins
vclaim-sno-chow-bane	Several cats have fallen ill and died from consuming Purina Cat Chow.	Purina Cat Chow Warning
vclaim-sno-chow-down-2	Due to budget cuts, U.S. troops deployed overseas are no longer provided with breakfast.	No More Breakfast for U.S. Troops
vclaim-sno-chris-christie-arrested-for-keying-trumps-limo	Chris Christie was arrested for keying Donald Trump's limousine.	Chris Christie Arrested for Keying Trump’s Limo?
vclaim-sno-chris-christie-biden-stutter	Chris Christie advised U.S. President Donald Trump to attempt to provoke Joe Biden to stutter during their 2020 presidential debates.	Did Chris Christie Advise Trump to Provoke Biden’s Stutter in Debates?
vclaim-sno-chris-christie-teacher-minimum-wage	Chris Christie said that teachers should make only minimum wage plus bonuses.	Chris Christie Said Teachers Should Only Make Minimum Wage?
vclaim-sno-chris-christie-vetoes-equal-pay	New Jersey governor Chris Christie vetoed a parity bill because it violated religious freedom protections.	Chris Christie Vetoes Equal Pay for Women as ‘Against Religious Freedom’
vclaim-sno-chris-collins-john-lewis-spoiled-chimp	"Rep. Chris Collins, a member of President-elect Donald Trump's transition team, compared civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis to ""a spoiled chimp who got too many bananas and rights."""	Chris Collins Says John Lewis Is ‘Like a Spoiled Chimp That Got Too Many Bananas’?
vclaim-sno-chris-heben	Former Navy SEAL Chris Heben was shot following a parking lot altercation and drove himself to the hospital after pursuing his assailant[s].	Navy SEAL Chris Heben Shot
vclaim-sno-chris-matthews-endorses-trump	"MSNBC host Chris Matthews endorsed Donald Trump during a segment on the show ""Hardball."""	Chris Matthews Endorses Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-chris-pratt-hunting-animals	Actor Chris Pratt says that he has no problem letting meat go to waste after hunting, because he just likes to kill animals.	Did Actor Chris Pratt Say He Likes Hunting Because He Enjoys Killing Animals?
vclaim-sno-chris-stevens	The American ambassador in Libya was raped and murdered during an attack on the U.S. Consulate.	Was the American Ambassador in Libya Raped Before Being Killed?
vclaim-sno-chris-wallace-island	Photographs show Fox News host Chris Wallace vacationing on a private island formerly owned by Jeffrey Epstein.	Do These Photos Show Chris Wallace on Epstein’s Island?
vclaim-sno-chris-wallace-receives-cease-and-desist	"Moderator Chris Wallace received a ""cease and desist"" letter from Trump about groping allegations in the midst of a presidential debate."	Chris Wallace Receives Cease-and-Desist Letter from Trump Organization
vclaim-sno-chris-wallace-tweet-trump	Fox News host Chris Wallace tweeted a number of insults at U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Fox News Journalist Chris Wallace Tweet Insults at Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-chris-williams-parkland	Image depicts high school senior Chris Williams, shot nine times while protecting fellow students, leaving him in critical condition.	Was Parkland Student Chris Williams Shot While Saving Classmates?
vclaim-sno-christian-crowdfunding-rittenhouse	A crowdfunding campaign on the Christian site GiveSendGo solicited donations to help Kyle Rittenhouse, a 17-year-old accused of killing two people at a protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin.	Did Christian Crowdfunding Campaign Raise Money for Kyle Rittenhouse?
vclaim-sno-christian-first-american-second	Ted Cruz said that he was a Christian first and an American second.	Did Ted Cruz Say He Was a Christian First and an American Second?
vclaim-sno-christian-owned-airlines-change-wing-light-colors-to-celebrate-christmas	"Christian-owned airlines change the lights on the wings of airliners to ""celebrate Christmas"" (and passengers can request other colors)."	Christian-Owned Airlines Change Wing Light Colors to Celebrate Christmas?
vclaim-sno-christianity-today-george-soros	"As of December 2019, Christianity Today was backed or funded by George Soros or was a ""front organization"" for the philanthropist."	Does Billionaire George Soros Fund Christianity Today Publication?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-1982	A photograph shows a 15-year-old Christine Blasey Ford in 1982.	Is This a Picture of Christine Blasey Ford in 1982?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-cellphone-1982	Christine Blasey Ford claimed that she called a friend on her cellphone after she was assaulted by Brett Kavanaugh in 1982, despite the fact that cell phones weren't invented yet.	Did Christine Blasey Ford Claim She Called a Friend on a Cellphone in 1982?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-cia	Christine Blasey Ford is closely linked to the CIA, and her sexual assault allegations against Brett Kavanaugh are part of a CIA plot.	Is Christine Blasey Ford ‘Deeply Tied’ to the Central Intelligence Agency?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-neil-gorsuch	Dr. Christine Blasey Ford made a sexual assault accusation against Justice Neil Gorsuch during his Supreme Court nomination process.	Did Christine Blasey Ford Make a Sexual Assault Accusation Against Neil Gorsuch?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-not-my-president	"A photograph shows Christine Blasey Ford holding a sign reading ""Not My President"" at an anti-Trump protest."	Is This a Photograph of Christine Blasey Ford Holding a ‘Not My President’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-peter-strzok	Christine Blasey Ford's brother, Tom Blasey, worked in the same company as a close relative (wife, sister, or sister-in-law) of former FBI agent Peter Strzok.	Did Christine Blasey Ford’s Brother Work with a Close Relative of Peter Strzok’s?
vclaim-sno-christine-blasey-ford-psychologist	Christine Blasey Ford committed perjury by identifying herself as a 'research psychologist' in her Senate committee testimony.	Did Christine Blasey Ford Commit Perjury by Identifying Herself as a Research Psychologist?
vclaim-sno-christmas-card-ban-military	The Obama administration issued a ban on sending Christmas cards to U.S. military members serving overseas.	Obama Launches First Salvo in War on Christmas?
vclaim-sno-christmas-cards-for-maddox-hyde	Fourteen-year-old, terminally ill cancer patient Maddox Hyde asked that people send him Christmas cards for the holiday.	Terminally Ill Teen Requests Christmas Cards for the Holiday
vclaim-sno-christmas-full-moon-1977	The year 2018 will see the first Christmas full moon since 1977.	Will 2018 See the First Christmas Full Moon Since 1977?
vclaim-sno-christmas-illegal-pagan-1836	The celebration of Christmas was illegal in the United States until 1836.	Was the Celebration of Christmas Illegal in the U.S. Until 1836?
vclaim-sno-christmas-story-marathon-tbs	"TBS canceled a planned marathon of ""A Christmas Story"" due to the film's bullying scene."	Did TBS Cancel Their ‘Christmas Story’ Marathon Due to Its Bullying Scene?
vclaim-sno-christmas-tree-owl	A small owl was found in the branches of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree in 2020.	Was a Small Owl Found in the 2020 Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree?
vclaim-sno-christmas-tree-probably-not-full-lyme-disease-bearing-ticks	If you use a real Christmas tree, you run the risk of bringing Lyme disease-transmitting ticks into your home.	Your Christmas Tree Is (Probably) Not Full of Lyme Disease Bearing Ticks
vclaim-sno-christmas-truce	German and British front-line soldiers sang carols, exchanged gifts, and played soccer during a World War I Christmas truce.	World War I Christmas Truce
vclaim-sno-christmas-wreaths	Photograph shows holiday wreaths laid at headstones in Arlington National Cemetery.	Wreaths at Arlington Cemetery
vclaim-sno-christopher-bedgood	A boy named Christopher Bedgood, who is suffering from cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.	Christopher Bedgood
vclaim-sno-christopher-harrington-cv19-mask	"A government employee named Christopher Harrington filed a patent for a ""CV19-N95"" mask in 2015."	Did Christopher Harrington Patent a ‘CV19-N95’ Mask in 2015?
vclaim-sno-chubby-bunny-death	"A child suffocated while playing a ""Chubby Bunny"" marshmallow-stuffing game."	Chubby Bunny Marshmallows Choking Death
vclaim-sno-chuck-e-cheese-bitcoin	"A New York City man made a million dollars selling altered Chuck E. Cheese tokens as ""Bitcoins""."	Did a Man Sell Chuck E. Cheese Tokens as ‘Bitcoins’?
vclaim-sno-chuck-grassley-women-equal-rights	"Sen. Chuck Grassley warned that investigating ""every"" allegation of sexual assault would create the ""false impression that women have equal rights."""	Did Chuck Grassley Warn About ‘Giving Americans the False Impression That Women Have Equal Rights?’
vclaim-sno-chuck-norris-capitol-riot	A photograph shows actor Chuck Norris at a rally before the U.S. Capitol riot on Jan. 6, 2021.	Was Chuck Norris at the Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-chuck-norris-net-worth-tears	Chuck Norris' net worth left his family in tears.	No, Chuck Norris’ Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-chuck-schumer-excessive-contributions	In 1998, Senator Chuck Schumer was caught taking $1 million in excessive campaign contributions and failing to properly disclose $4.6 million in expenses, for which he was fined $138,000.	Was Senator Chuck Schumer Caught Taking $1 Million in ‘Excessive Contributions’?
vclaim-sno-chuck-schumer-heidi-fleiss	"Sen. Chuck Schumer's name and/or phone number were found in ""Hollywood Madam"" Heidi Fleiss's black book of clients."	Was Sen. Chuck Schumer a Client of ‘Hollywood Madam’ Heidi Fleiss?
vclaim-sno-chuck-schumer-kissing-a-girl	A photograph shows U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-NY, kissing a young girl on the mouth.	Does a Photo Show Sen. Chuck Schumer Kissing a Young Girl?
vclaim-sno-chuck-schumer-resigns-disgrace	Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has resigned in the face of compromising material held by the White House.	Chuck Schumer Resigns ‘in Disgrace’?
vclaim-sno-chuck-woolery-son-covid-19	Chuck Woolery wrote on Twitter that his son had tested positive for COVID-19.	Did Chuck Woolery Say His Son Tested Positive for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-chumlee-death-hoax	Chumlee from 'Pawn Stars' has passed away.	Chumlee Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-chunks-of-dover	A video shows a large chunk of the White Cliffs of Dover falling into the sea.	Does Video Show a Chunk of the White Cliffs of Dover Falling Into the Sea?
vclaim-sno-church-food-bank-closed	"A newspaper reported that a church had closed its food bank because the program “attracts poor people."""	Did a Church Close Its Food Bank ‘Because It Attracts Poor People’?
vclaim-sno-church-mock-trump-sign	The Hampton United Methodist Church called Donald Trump a pervert, a con artist, and a fascist on their church sign.	Did Hampton United Methodist Church Mock Trump on its Sign?
vclaim-sno-church-of-lucifer-colombia	"A so-called ""Church of Lucifer"" has opened in Colombia."	Did a Church of Lucifer Open in Colombia?
vclaim-sno-church-scientology-tax-exempt	The Supreme Court revoked the Church of Scientology's tax-exempt status in March 2016.	The United States Revokes Scientology’s Tax-Exempt Status
vclaim-sno-churches-destroyed-in-france	A map shows all of the churches that were destroyed in France in the last four years.	Does a Map Shared Online Depict All Churches ‘Destroyed’ in France in the Last 4 Years?
vclaim-sno-churches-kavanaugh-nomination-withdrawn	At least 100,000 churches called for the withdrawal of Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court nomination.	Did 100,000 Churches Call for the Kavanaugh Nomination to Be Withdrawn?
vclaim-sno-churchill-confederate-monument	"Winston Churchill once said or wrote, ""Any people with contempt for their heritage have lost faith in themselves and no nation can long survive without pride in its traditions."""	Did Churchill Say ‘People With Contempt for Their Heritage Have Lost Faith in Themselves’?
vclaim-sno-churchill-on-islam	Winston Churchill wrote about the “dreadful curses of Mohammedanism” in his 1899 book	Winston Churchill on Islam
vclaim-sno-churchill-what-people-think	Winston Churchill once said: “When you’re 20 you care what everybody thinks, when you're 40 you stop caring what everyone thinks, when you're 60 you realize no one was ever thinking about you in the first place.”	Winston Churchill on Caring What Other People Think of You
vclaim-sno-churchs-chicken	Disaster survivor gives mistaken answer to an interviewer's question about the loss of churches in her area.	Did a Disaster Survivor Give This Answer When Asked About Church Closures?
vclaim-sno-chush-chush-sweet-varlets	A boy with a disability hits a home run because the boys he's playing with let him win the game.	Did this Brooklyn Boy with a Disability Win His Team a Baseball Game?
vclaim-sno-chy-niece-thacker-police-trunk	A police officer stopped a driver, Chy-Niece Thacker, and then let her go after finding something shocking or surprising in her trunk.	Officer Opens Woman’s Trunk, Lets Her Go after What He Sees?
vclaim-sno-cia-agent-confesses-wtc7	A dying CIA agent confessed to blowing up WTC Building 7 on 9/11 through controlled demolition.	CIA Agent Confesses on Deathbed: ‘We Blew Up WTC7 on 9/11’?
vclaim-sno-cia-agents-arrested-in-turkey-for-erdogan-assassination-attempt	Two men arrested for their part in Turkey's attempted military takeover are CIA agents.	CIA Agents Arrested in Turkey for Erdogan Assassination Attempt
vclaim-sno-cia-crossing-border-cocaine	Minutemen caught two CIA agents smuggling a sizable quantity of cocaine across the Mexican border.	CIA Agents Arrested Crossing Mexican Border with Cocaine
vclaim-sno-cia-director-john-brennan-muslim	Former CIA Director John Brennan is a Muslim who converted to Islam while stationed in Saudi Arabia.	Is Former CIA Director John Brennan a Muslim?
vclaim-sno-cia-files-ufos	Thousands of CIA files on unidentified flying objects (UFOs) were made available on the agency's website and on the Black Vault, a clearinghouse for declassified documents, in January 2021.	Can You Now Download Thousands of CIA Files on UFOs?
vclaim-sno-cia-michael-hayden-put-me-down-with-kaepernick	Michael Hayden said that he stood with Colin Kaepernick and other NFL Players in dispute over protests during the national anthem.	Michael Hayden Said of NFL Protest Dispute ‘Put Me Down with Kaepernick’?
vclaim-sno-ciara-birth-gender	Popular R&B singer Ciara was born male.	Was Ciara Born a Man?
vclaim-sno-cicero-treason-quote	"The Roman orator Cicero issued a warning about a nation's being destroyed by ""treason from within."""	Cicero’s ‘Two Thousand Year Old Warning’ About Treason
vclaim-sno-ciceros-view-of-life	"A list authored by Roman statesman Cicero describes ""the situation during his lifetime."""	Cicero’s View of Life
vclaim-sno-cigar-listening-devices	The United States government is installing listening devices in packages of Dutch Masters and Swisher Sweets brand cigars in order to spy on American citizens.	Is The Government Installing Listening Devices in Swisher Sweets Cigars?
vclaim-sno-cigarettes-marijuana-tar	Marijuana cigarettes deposit four times more tar into smokers' lungs than tobacco-based cigarettes.	Does Marijuana Contain More Tar Than Cigarettes?
vclaim-sno-cigarson	A man insured his cigars against fire, then tried to collect for fire damage after smoking them.	A Case of Cigarson
vclaim-sno-cinco-de-mayo	The Cinco de Mayo holiday is a celebration of Mexico's achieving independence from Spain.	What Is Cinco de Mayo?
vclaim-sno-cinderella-wedding	Photographs show the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton matching up with images from ‘Cinderella.’	Cinderella Wedding
vclaim-sno-cinderellas-castle-hurricane	Cinderella Castle in Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida was constructed such that it can be partially or wholly disassembled in the event of a hurricane.	Are the Spires on Disney World’s Cinderella Castle Removable in Case of Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-cindy-hogman	Prayers are requested for Cindy Hogman, a wife and mother battling cervical cancer.	Cindy Hogman Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-cindy-hyde-smith-confederate	Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith posted photographs of herself wearing a Confederate soldier's hat during a visit to the home of Jefferson Davis.	Was Sen. Cindy Hyde-Smith Photographed Wearing a Confederate Soldier’s Cap?
vclaim-sno-circle-flies	Politician has an encounter with ‘circle flies.’	Circle Flies
vclaim-sno-circle-of-safety	Photograph shows a child discovered in the wheel well of a utility company vehicle during a safety check.	Circle of Safety
vclaim-sno-cispa	A cyber-security bill passed by Congress will violate constitutional protections.	Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA).
vclaim-sno-citgo-boycottbuycott	E-petitions urge Americans to buy/not buy Citgo brand gasoline.	Citgo / Petro Express
vclaim-sno-citizen-pain	President Obama is purging military leaders who refuse to fire on U.S. citizens.	Obama Purging Military for Not Shooting Citizens
vclaim-sno-citric-acid-trip	Excessive LSD use left a young man in a psychiatric hospital, believing himself to be a glass of orange juice.	Orange Juice LSD Man
vclaim-sno-city-blue-imaging-ballots	A business in New York that printed ballots for the 2020 election burned to the ground.	Did City Blue Imaging Print Voting Ballots, Then Burn Down?
vclaim-sno-civic-duty	Honda commercial advises customers to switch to hybrid cars because it will mean “less money for terror.”	Honda ‘Middle East’ Commercial
vclaim-sno-civil-blights-movement	"South Carolina exit polls asked voters whether black people had become ""too demanding"" on the subject of civil rights."	Offensive South Carolina Exit Poll
vclaim-sno-cj-pearson	12-year-old CJ Pearson was suspended from Facebook because he criticized President Obama.	After This Bright Kid Attacked Barack Obama, Facebook Did THIS to Him
vclaim-sno-claim-bugs-found-in-ferrero-rocher-candy	A video shows worms found by a consumer inside the candy wrappers of Ferrero Rocher chocolates.	Bugs Found in Ferrero Rocher Candy?
vclaim-sno-clark-gable-accident	Clark Gable killed a pedestrian while driving drunk, but MGM covered up the accident and sent another man to jail in his place.	Did Clark Gable Kill a Pedestrian While Driving Drunk?
vclaim-sno-clarkson-fired-voice	Kelly Clarkson was fired from 'The Voice' in December 2018.	Was Kelly Clarkson Fired from ‘The Voice’?
vclaim-sno-cleaning-for-a-reason	Cleaning for a Reason offers free cleaning services to women undergoing treatment for cancer.	Cleaning for a Reason
vclaim-sno-clear-loss	Gasoline purchasers who fail to press the “Clear” button on gas pumps after refueling risk additional charges appearing on their credit/debit cards.	‘Clear Button’ Fraud
vclaim-sno-cleveland-browns-letters	A lawyer received a caustic response after complaining to the Cleveland Browns about fans' throwing paper airplanes during the team's home NFL games.	Letter Exchange Between Law Firm and Cleveland Browns
vclaim-sno-climatology-fraud-global-warming	A peer-reviewed study has found evidence that nearly all of global warming has been fabricated by climate scientists.	Peer-Reviewed Study Proves All Recent Global Warming Fabricated by Climatologists?
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-and-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom	Clint Eastwood refused to accept the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Obama.	Did Clint Eastwood Refuse the Presidential Medal of Freedom?
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-bloomberg	In 2020, Clint Eastwood expressed support for the election of Mike Bloomberg as president.	Did Clint Eastwood Express Support for Mike Bloomberg in 2020?
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-death-hoax	Clint Eastwood died of a heart attack while filming a commercial in August 2019.	Clint Eastwood Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-leaving-hollywood	"Clint Eastwood said that he was leaving Hollywood because it was full of ""Amerikan"" traitors."	Is Clint Eastwood Leaving Hollywood?
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-net-worth	Clint Eastwood's net worth left his family in tears.	No, Clint Eastwood’s Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood-quote-on-trump	"Actor/director Clint Eastwood wrote an opinion piece that started with the statement, ""I love when people call Trump stupid."""	Did Clint Eastwood Say, ‘I Love When People Call Trump Stupid’?
vclaim-sno-clint-eastwood	Actor-director Clint Eastwood is the son of comic Stan Laurel.	Clint Eastwood is Stan Laurel’s Son?
vclaim-sno-clinton-airstrike-impeachment	U.S. President Bill Clinton launched an airstrike on Iraq amid impeachment proceedings against him in 1998.	Did Clinton Launch Airstrike on Iraq Amid Impeachment Proceedings?
vclaim-sno-clinton-bizarre-eye-movements	"Hillary Clinton cancelled a campaign event because of ""bizarre eye movements."""	Hillary Clinton Cancels Event After ‘Bizarre Eye Movements’
vclaim-sno-clinton-body-bags	Bill Clinton has quietly done away with several dozen people who possessed incriminating evidence about him.	Clinton Body Bags
vclaim-sno-clinton-body-chappaqua-waitress	In July 2017, the body of a 26-year-old woman was found in the burned-out remains of a property owned by Bill and Hillary Clinton.	Body of a Waitress Pulled from the Clintons’ Burned-out Guest House?
vclaim-sno-clinton-byrd-photo-klan	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton with former Ku Klux Klan member Robert Byrd.	Hillary Clinton Kissed by Former Klan Member
vclaim-sno-clinton-cabbage-odor	WikiLeaks documents revealed campaign head John Podesta unflatteringly described Hillary Clinton's personal hygiene and intellect.	Did Podesta Say Clinton Has Cabbage Odor, Used Pejorative Term for Developmentally Disabled?
vclaim-sno-clinton-campaign-laws-massachusetts	Bill Clinton potentially violated Massachusetts election laws by entering polling places on Super Tuesday.	Did Bill Clinton Violate Campaign Laws in MA?
vclaim-sno-clinton-campaign-overcharging-donors	Hillary Clinton's campaign has been systemically overcharging small donors, including the elderly and poor people.	Clinton Campaign Overcharging Poor Donors?
vclaim-sno-clinton-cancels-rally-due-to-lock-her-up-chants	"Hillary Clinton refused to exit her vehicle at an event in Florida after the crowd started chanting ""lock her up."""	Clinton Cancels Rally Due to ‘Lock Her Up’ Chants
vclaim-sno-clinton-christians-must-deny-faith	Hillary Clinton said in a speech that Christians in America must deny their faith in Christianity.	Did Hillary Clinton Say Christians in America Must Deny Their Faith?
vclaim-sno-clinton-compliant-citizenry	"A leaked e-mail from former National Endowment for the Arts chairman Bill Ivey to Clinton campaign manager John Podesta revealed a Democratic ""master plan"" to ""create an 'unaware' and 'compliant' citizenry."""	Clinton Camp Demands ‘Compliant Citizenry’ for Master Plan
vclaim-sno-clinton-draft-pardon	"Bill Clinton was the ""first pardoned federal felon ever to serve as President of the U.S."""	Was Bill Clinton a ‘Felonious Draft Dodger’?
vclaim-sno-clinton-fbi-director-vince-foster	President Bill Clinton firing of FBI Director William Sessions was linked to Deputy White House Counsel Vince Foster's death a day later.	Did Bill Clinton Fire His FBI Director One Day Before Vince Foster Died?
vclaim-sno-clinton-federal-racketeering-charges	Hillary Clinton will soon be indicted on racketeering charges.	Hillary Clinton to Be Indicted on Federal Racketeering Charges
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-antifa	The Clinton Foundation donated a total of $7.1 million to anti-fascist groups, including during the 2016 presidential election campaign.	Did the Clinton Foundation Donate $7.1 Million to ‘Antifa’?
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-cargo-ship	"A Clinton Foundation cargo ship arriving from Africa was raided and found to contain ""illegal contraband"" in the form of foreign refugees, narcotics, weapons, and illegal fruits."	Clinton Foundation Cargo Ship Raided at Port of Baltimore Reveals ‘Sick Secret’?
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-dead-contributions-dry	The Clinton Foundation is shutting down due to lack of donations.	Clinton Foundation Dead as Contributions Dry Up?
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-kenneth-mccormick	Clinton Foundation investigator Kenneth McCormick was found dead in April 2020.	Was Clinton Foundation Investigator Kenneth McCormick Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-paid-for-chelseas-wedding	Chelsea Clinton's 2010 wedding was paid for by the Clinton Foundation.	Did the Clinton Foundation Pay for Chelsea’s Wedding?
vclaim-sno-clinton-foundation-scores-higher-as-a-charity-than-the-red-cross	The Clinton Foundation rates higher than the Red Cross in charity rankings.	Clinton Foundation Scores Higher as a Charity than the Red Cross?
vclaim-sno-clinton-four-minute-nuclear	"Hillary Clinton revealed a classified response window of ""four minutes"" for a U.S. president to launch nuclear weapons."	Did Hillary Clinton Leak a Classified ‘Four-Minute’ Nuclear Response Window?
vclaim-sno-clinton-gabbard-condolence	Hillary Clinton posted condolences for Tulsi Gabbard's suicide one day early.	Did Hillary Clinton Post Condolences for Tulsi Gabbard’s Suicide One Day Early?
vclaim-sno-clinton-gore-92-confederate	The 1992 Clinton-Gore presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag motif.	Is This a 1992 Clinton-Gore Confederate Flag Campaign Button?
vclaim-sno-clinton-hard-drive-destruction	Hillary Clinton's campaign made several payments to a company that destroys sensitive data due to an ongoing investigation into her use of e-mail while she was secretary of state.	Clinton Paid ‘Hard Drive Destruction’ Company
vclaim-sno-clinton-hired-child-actor	"Hillary Clinton ""hired"" a child actor to be ""planted"" in the audience during a Town Hall campaign event."	Hillary Clinton Hired a Child Actor for a Town Hall Event?
vclaim-sno-clinton-kerry-nominated-for-nobel-peace-prize	Hillary Clinton and John Kerry were nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran.	Clinton, Kerry Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize for Iran Deal
vclaim-sno-clinton-lynch-pilot	Pilot Dimitri Noonan revealed information about a secret meeting between Bill Clinton, Loretta Lynch, and Paul Ryan.	Clinton/Lynch Pilot Breaks His Silence on What Was Said?
vclaim-sno-clinton-mccabe-donation	Hillary Clinton illegally donated $700,000 to the political campaign of the wife of the FBI director who was supervising the investigation into her use of a private email server.	Did Hillary Clinton Donate $700,000 to the Campaign of FBI Director’s Wife?
vclaim-sno-clinton-mcgill-found-dead	Hillary Clinton's assistant J.W. McGill was found dead after suffering an apparent heart attack.	Was Hillary Clinton’s Assistant J.W. McGill Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-clinton-memorial-day-actor	Hillary Clinton paid an actor to dress up in Navy attire for a Memorial Day parade.	Hillary Clinton Paid Actor to Impersonate Military Member
vclaim-sno-clinton-moves-billions-to-qatar	The Clinton Foundation suddenly transferred $1.8 billion to a bank in Qatar.	Hillary Clinton’s ‘Sudden Move’ of $1.8 Billion to Qatar Central Bank Stuns Financial World
vclaim-sno-clinton-narrate-fire-fury	Hillary Clinton will narrate the audio version of the book  'Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.'	Will Hillary Clinton Read the Audiobook Version of “Fire and Fury”?
vclaim-sno-clinton-netanyahu-satire-video	A video shows Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu telling Hillary Clinton that he wants to maximize civilian casualties.	Benjamin Netanyahu Confronts Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-clinton-newsweek-cover	"A Newsweek-branded ""Madam President"" publication cover declared Hillary Clinton the winner of the presidential election prior to 8 November 2016."	‘Madam President’ Hillary Clinton Newsweek Cover
vclaim-sno-clinton-owned-medical-supply	A medical supply company owned by the Clinton family quadrupled prices for ventilators and masks during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.	Is Clinton-Owned Medical Supply Price Gouging During COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-clinton-paid-beyonce-and-jay-z	The Clinton campaign paid Beyonce and Jay Z $62 million to perform a concert in Cleveland.	Clinton Campaign Paid Beyonce and Jay Z $62 Million for Cleveland Concert to Secure Black Votes
vclaim-sno-clinton-paying-halfway-house-residents-300-per-vote	A California halfway house resident was promised $300 if he voted for Hillary Clinton.	Is Clinton Paying Halfway House Residents $300 Per Vote?
vclaim-sno-clinton-portrait-hung-christmas-decorations-white-house	President Obama hung a portrait of Hillary Clinton at the White House as part of his 2016 Christmas decorations.	Clinton Portrait Hung with Christmas Decorations at White House
vclaim-sno-clinton-received-debate-questions-week-before-debate	Hillary Clinton received her questions for the first presidential debate of 2016 a week in advance.	Clinton Received Debate Questions Week Before Debate
vclaim-sno-clinton-reported-dead-replaced	Hillary Clinton was reported dead on 11 September 2016, but the news was subsequently covered up and she was replaced by a body double.	Hillary Clinton Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-clinton-secret-earpiece-debate	Hillary Clinton wore a secret earpiece during the first presidential debate of 2016.	Hillary Clinton Wore Secret Earpiece During First Presidential Debate?
vclaim-sno-clinton-secret-folder-debate	"An operative for Hillary Clinton ""swooped in"" and took answers to debate questions off her lectern after the conclusion of the event."	‘Clinton Operative’ Removed Secret Folder from Her Lectern After Debate?
vclaim-sno-clinton-staffers-ready-emp	Hillary Clinton's staff is set to disable all the nation's electronic devices to hide further e-mail leaks.	Clinton Staffers Ready Electromagnetic Pulses to Disable Nation’s Devices
vclaim-sno-clinton-supporter-defecated-on-sign	A Hillary Clinton supporter defecated on a sign in protest of Donald Trump.	Hillary Clinton Supporter Defecated on Trump Sign?
vclaim-sno-clinton-supreme-court-purpose	"Hillary Clinton said that the Supreme Court's purpose was not about ""checks and balances"" but to ""change and shape the law."""	Hillary Clinton: Supreme Court Exists to ‘Change and Shape the Law’
vclaim-sno-clinton-takes-village-quote	Hillary Clinton said children should be raised and trained by the state, and parents should have only a secondary role.	Hillary Clinton Said Children Should Be Raised by the State?
vclaim-sno-clinton-to-drop-out-twitter	CBS reporter Hannah Chanpong tweeted that Hillary Clinton was dropping out of the 2016 presidential race.	Tweet Claims Clinton to Drop Out of Presidential Race
vclaim-sno-clinton-town-to-change-name	The town of Clinton, IN, is changing its name to avoid being associated with Hillary Clinton.	Small Indiana Town to Change Name to Avoid Clinton Reference
vclaim-sno-clinton-trump-deplorables-america	"Speaking at the University of California Berkeley in May 2018, Hillary Clinton warned about ""Trump deplorables,"" calling them ""the biggest threats to America."""	Did Hillary Clinton Say ‘Trump Deplorables’ Were the ‘Biggest Threats to America’?
vclaim-sno-clinton-trump-lawyer-payoffs	A double standard was at play in the FBI's raid of the office of Donald Trump's lawyer but not Bill Clinton's.	Why Did the FBI Raid the Office of Trump’s Lawyer But Not Bill Clinton’s?
vclaim-sno-clinton-trump-putin-capitol	In January 2021, Hillary Clinton suggested U.S. President Donald Trump spoke by phone with Vladimir Putin on the day of an attack on the U.S. Capitol, Jan. 6, 2021.	Did Hillary Clinton Suggest Trump Spoke to Putin During Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-clinton-underage-sex-ring	The NYPD is investigating and building a case against Bill Clinton pertaining to an underage sex ring.	NYPD Looking to Press Charges Against Bill Clinton for Underage Sex Ring
vclaim-sno-clinton-votes-found-in-warehouse	Thousands of pre-marked ballots for Hillary Clinton and other Democratic candidates were found in a warehouse in Ohio.	Tens of Thousands of Fraudulent Clinton Votes Found in Ohio Warehouse
vclaim-sno-clinton-women-caved-voting	"Hillary Clinton said women voted for Donald Trump because they ""caved"" to pressure from the men around them."	Hillary Clinton Says Women ‘Caved’ to Men in Voting Against Her?
vclaim-sno-clintons-arafat	A photograph shows the Clintons posing with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat.	For All Jews Voting for Hillary
vclaim-sno-clintons-housekeeper-arkansas	The body of the Clintons' former housekeeper was found by Arkansas police.	Was the Body of the Clintons’ Former Housekeeper Found in Arkansas?
vclaim-sno-clintons-secret-service-agent-holds-diazepam-pen	Hillary Clinton travels with a doctor carrying a Diazepam pen in case she has a seizure.	Clinton’s Secret Service Agent Holds Diazepam Pen
vclaim-sno-clog-iowa-caucus-phones	Internet trolls attempted to disrupt the Iowa caucuses by flooding the phone lines where caucus managers called in results.	Did Trolls Try to Clog Phone Lines After Iowa Caucuses?
vclaim-sno-clorox-wipes-toilet-paper	In mid-November 2020, paper products, disinfecting wipes, and cleaning supplies sold out in U.S. stores, with inventory reduced to the same levels seen in March 2020.	Are Clorox Wipes and Toilet Paper Sold Out Again?
vclaim-sno-closed-for-remodeling	The derisive title of one of George Bernard Shaw's plays was changed after it wreaked havoc on theater attendance.	Closed For Remodeling
vclaim-sno-closures-during-spanish-flu	"A newspaper clipping from 1918 documents a ""public notice"" from the city of Kelowna, British Columbia, announcing that schools, movie theaters, and other public places would be closed to prevent the spread of ""Spanish Influenza."""	Did Cities Close Schools, Businesses During the 1918 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-cloth-masks-ineffective-covid19	A photograph of non-respirator ear loop mask packaging demonstrates that such masks are ineffective at protecting against the spread of COVID-19.	Are Non-Respirator Masks Ineffective at Protecting Against COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-clothes-captioning	A school in Maryland required children to cross-dress for a “LGBTQ Appreciation Day” event.	Maryland Middle School Requires Children to Cross Dress for ‘LGBTQ Appreciation Day’
vclaim-sno-clouds-over-australian-bushfires	A photograph in early 2020 shows red-tinted clouds over bushfires burning in Australia.	Does This Photograph Show Clouds Over Australian Bushfires?
vclaim-sno-clouds-over-california-wildfires	A photograph shows red-tinted clouds over a large wildfire in California.	Does This Photograph Show Clouds Over the California Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-clouds-over-geneva-show-cern-opening-a-portal-to-a-new-dimension	Eerie clouds over Geneva were caused by the particle collider at CERN opening a portal to a new dimension.	Clouds Over Geneva Show CERN Opening a Portal to a New Dimension?
vclaim-sno-clouds-over-mount-fuji	A video shows clouds rolling over Mount Fuji.	Clouds Over Mount Fuji
vclaim-sno-clown-masks-banned	Clown masks have been banned in the United States, and wearing one can result in a $50,000 fine.	Clown Masks Banned in United States, Carries $50,000 Fine
vclaim-sno-clown-purge-on-halloween	"Clowns are planning a ""purge night"" on Halloween (or the night before)."	Clown Purge on Halloween
vclaim-sno-clyburn-articles-impeachment	U.S. House Majority Whip James Clyburn called for President Donald Trump to be hanged.	Did US House Majority Whip James Clyburn Say ‘Hang’ President Trump?
vclaim-sno-cnn-altered-arrest-image	CNN altered the appearance of a white suspect under arrest to make him appear to be black in a video clip.	Did CNN ‘Put a Black Guy’s Head on a White Dude’ in Arrest Video?
vclaim-sno-cnn-and-msnbc-ratings	Fox News is well above both CNN and MSNBC in television viewership and has increased their lead since the 2016 election.	CNN and MSNBC in Ratings Freefall, Fox Soundly Beating Both Combined?
vclaim-sno-cnn-antifa-capitol-riot	"In January 2021, a CNN broadcast featured a chyron that read, ""Antifa has just taken responsiblitly [sic] for storming Capital [sic] Hill."""	Did CNN Report That Antifa Took Responsibility for US Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-cnn-article-bill-maher	CNN posted and then deleted an article which defended Bill Maher's use of the n-word.	Did CNN Delete an Article Defending Bill Maher’s Use of a Racial Slur?
vclaim-sno-cnn-articles-on-hydroxychloroquine	A graphic shows contradictory CNN articles about hydroxychloroquine, published three months apart and co-authored by the same person.	Did CNN Publish Contradictory Articles on Hydroxychloroquine?
vclaim-sno-cnn-broadcasting-license	Three states pulled CNN's broadcasting license because the network failed to be truthful.	Did 3 States Pull CNN’s Broadcasting License?
vclaim-sno-cnn-church-trump-voter	"CNN reported that a Trump voter shot a ""mentally ill"" mass shooter."	Did CNN Report that a ‘Trump Voter’ Shot a ‘Mentally Ill’ Mass Shooter?
vclaim-sno-cnn-covington-settlement	CNN settled a lawsuit with Covington Catholic High School student Nick Sandmann, paying out $275 million.	Did CNN Settle the Covington High Lawsuit for $275 Million?
vclaim-sno-cnn-don-lemon-openly-black	A Mediaite op-ed from Jan. 15, 2021, described CNN anchor Don Lemon as “openly Black.”	Did an Op-Ed Call CNN Anchor Don Lemon ‘Openly Black’?
vclaim-sno-cnn-fake-news	"A federal judge ruling in a defamation suit declared that CNN was ""fake news."""	Did a Judge Rule That CNN Is ‘Fake News’?
vclaim-sno-cnn-fcc-broadcast-journalism	"The FCC raided CNN's head offices on the grounds that the TV news network was ""violating press guidelines."""	Was CNN Raided by the FCC for ‘Deceiving the American Public’?
vclaim-sno-cnn-half-hour-porn	"CNN accidentally aired thirty minutes of porn during an episode of Anthony Bourdain's ""Parts Unknown."""	Did CNN Air Half an Hour of Pornographic Content?
vclaim-sno-cnn-justine-damond	CNN (and other news media outlets) buried the Justine Damond shooting story because she was white and the officer who shot her was a black Muslim immigrant.	Did CNN Bury the Justine Damond Story Because She Was a White Woman Killed By a ‘Black Islamic Immigrant From Somalia’?
vclaim-sno-cnn-larry-king-live-tara-reade	"CNN removed a ""Larry King Live"" episode featuring Tara Reade's mother from the Google Play service."	Did CNN Remove ‘Larry King Live’ Episode Featuring Tara Reade’s Mother from Google Play?
vclaim-sno-cnn-lighten-seattle-photo	CNN lightened the skin tone in a picture of a man accused of driving a car into Seattle protesters.	Did CNN ‘Lighten’ Photo of Man Who Drove Into Protesters?
vclaim-sno-cnn-microphone-intern	The intern who took away Jim Acosta's microphone at a White House Press Conference was actually Deputy Press Secretary Lindsay Walters.	Was the ‘Intern’ Who Took Acosta’s Microphone Actually the Deputy Press Secretary?
vclaim-sno-cnn-mislabel-alabama-map	CNN mislabeled the state of Alabama as Mississippi on a weather map of Hurricane Dorian.	Did CNN Mislabel Alabama as Mississippi on Hurricane Dorian Weather Map?
vclaim-sno-cnn-mistake-tim-allen-joel-osteen	CNN published a story about pastor Joel Osteen that mistakenly featured an image of actor Tim Allen.	Did CNN Mistake Tim Allen for Joel Osteen?
vclaim-sno-cnn-muslim-protests-london	"CNN created ""fake news"" and staged protests in which Muslim residents purportedly protested a 3 June 2017 attack in London."	CNN Staged Muslim Protests After London Attack?
vclaim-sno-cnn-quote-unarmed-father-of-3	"A CNN chryon concerning the death of terrorist leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi read ""Trump kills unarmed father of three."""	Did CNN Say ‘Trump Killed Unarmed Father of Three’ After al-Baghdadi’s Death?
vclaim-sno-cnn-ratings-plunge	Due to a year-over-year decline in overall viewership during the second week of May 2018, CNN is on the verge of permanently closing its doors.	Is CNN Permanently Closing Their Doors After a Ratings Plunge of 30 Percent?
vclaim-sno-cnn-same-refugee-girl	CNN was caught using photographs of the same girl to represent three different refugee crises.	Did CNN Use the Same Girl in Three Different Refugee Crisis Pictures?
vclaim-sno-cnn-staged-hurricane-harvey-rescue-video	CNN was caught staging a dramatic rescue during Hurricane Harvey.	Did CNN Stage a Hurricane Harvey Rescue Video?
vclaim-sno-cnn-ted-cruz-qanon-doritos	"CNN issued a correction that read, ""Sen. Ted Cruz was seen wearing a pin featuring a QAnon symbol. It was later discovered that this was not a QAnon pin, but a Doritos snack chip stuck to his suit."""	Did CNN Issue Correction That Ted Cruz’s ‘QAnon Pin’ Was Actually a Doritos Chip?
vclaim-sno-cnn-took-crooked-out-of-trump-tweet-about-clinton	CNN showed an altered version of a tweet written by Donald Trump during a news segment.	CNN Took ‘Crooked’ Out of Trump Tweet About Clinton
vclaim-sno-cnn-washing-machine	CNN invested in an industrial-sized washing machine to help their journalists and news anchors spin the news before publication.	Did CNN Purchase an Industrial-Sized Washing Machine to Spin News?
vclaim-sno-cnn-women-soldiers-breastfeed	"CNN published an article entitled ""Should Women be allowed to breastfeed on the battlefield?"""	Did CNN Ask ‘Should Women Be Allowed to Breastfeed on the Battlefield?’
vclaim-sno-coach-admissions-obama-tennis	The Obama family was caught up in the March 2019 college admissions scandal.	Are the Obamas Tied to the Celebrity College-Admissions Scandal?
vclaim-sno-coach-jason-garrett-out-of-job	Jason Garrett is out as Dallas Cowboys' coach.	Is Jason Garrett Out as Dallas Cowboys’ Coach?
vclaim-sno-coach-o	Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski publicly criticized President Obama just after Duke won a national basketball championship.	Duke’s Coach Criticizes President Obama?
vclaim-sno-coach-refuse-kaepernick-phone-call-trump	NFL coach Bill Belichick reversed his decision to sign quarterback Colin Kaepernick after a phone call with President Trump.	Did a National Football League Coach Reverse a Decision to Sign Colin Kaepernick After a Presidential Call?
vclaim-sno-coachella-ferris-wheel-video	"A video shows the Coachella ferris wheel ""dancing"" as it rotates."	Is This a Real Video of the Coachella Ferris Wheel ‘Dancing’?
vclaim-sno-coal-mining-federal-lands-leases	President Trump opened National Parks and wildlife refugees to coal mining.	Did President Trump Open National Parks and Wildlife Refuges for Coal Mining?
vclaim-sno-coal-porter	A roadway in South Dakota will be temporarily closed to allow for the transport of a large piece of coal to Mount Rushmore.	Bringing Coal to Mount Rushmore
vclaim-sno-coast-guard-deserted-island	The U.S. Coast Guard rescued three people after they had been stranded for 33 days on a deserted Bahamian island.	Did the Coast Guard Rescue People Stranded on a Deserted Island?
vclaim-sno-coast-guard-shutdown-cocaine	The Coast Guard started reselling seized cocaine to raise funds during a government shutdown in December 2018.	Did the Coast Guard Start Reselling Seized Cocaine Amid Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-coat-check	A baby left on a bed is smothered under coats dropped by Christmas visitors.	Baby Smothered Under Pile of Coats?
vclaim-sno-coat-hangers-ready	"Republican Eric Barber ""celebrated"" Brett Kavanaugh's Supreme Court confirmation by telling women to ""get your coat hangers ready."""	Did a ‘West Virginia Republican’ Tell Women to ‘Get Your Coat Hangers Ready’ ?
vclaim-sno-coat-of-armed	A woman is fatally bitten by a snake found in the pocket of her new winter coat.	Was a Woman Fatally Bitten by a Snake in Her Coat Pocket?
vclaim-sno-coat-of-baums	A second-hand coat selected as part of the costume for Professor Marvel in the 1939 film version of The Wizard of Oz was discovered to have been owned by Oz author L. Frank Baum.	‘Wizard of Oz’ Coat Belonged to L. Frank Baum?
vclaim-sno-cobra-kai-canceled-netflix	"Netflix canceled ""Cobra Kai"" after season 3 was released, effective immediately."	Did Netflix Cancel ‘Cobra Kai,’ Effective Immediately?
vclaim-sno-cobra-kai-facebook-message	"Johnny Lawrence's Facebook message is legible in ""Cobra Kai."""	Is Johnny’s Facebook Message Visible in Netflix’s ‘Cobra Kai’?
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-acids	The acids in Coca-Cola make it harmful to drink.	Do the Acids in Coca-Cola Make It Harmful to Drink?
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-cannabis	As of September 2018, Coca-Cola was in talks with Aurora Cannabis over the production of cannabis-infused beverages.	Has Coca-Cola Entered Negotiations to Produce Cannabis-Infused Beverages?
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-fomula	Only two Coca-Cola executives know Coke's formula, and each of them knows only half of it.	Coca-Cola’s Secret Formula
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-garlic	Photograph shows a can of garlic-flavored Coca-Cola being test-marketed in Romania.	Coca-Cola Garlic
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-kkk-trump	"Coca-Cola's ""Share A Coke"" campaign includes a bottle for the KKK."	Coca-Cola Isn’t Selling a ‘Share a Coke with the KKK’ Bottle
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-lice-remedy	Coca-Cola is an effective solution for eliminating head lice.	Coca-Cola Lice Remedy
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-poster-recall	Coca-Cola recalled an advertising poster due to a  risqué image hidden within it.	Risqué Coca-Cola Poster
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-spermicide	Coca-Cola is an effective contraceptive.	Can Coca-Cola Prevent Pregnancy?
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-training-less-white	"Coca-Cola's diversity, equity, and inclusion training contained slides which read ""Try to be less white."""	Did Coca-Cola’s Diversity Training Tell Workers ‘Try To Be Less White’?
vclaim-sno-coca-cola-try-to-be-less-white	"In February 2021, Coca-Cola launched a new can design featuring the phrase ""Try to be less white."""	Did Coca-Cola Add ‘Try To Be Less White’ to Cans?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-bear	A bear died after consuming more than 70 pounds of cocaine that had been dumped in a forest during a botched drug smuggling attempt.	Is ‘Cocaine Bear’ a True Story?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-bricks-wash-up-dorian	Bricks of cocaine washed ashore in Florida after Hurricane Dorian.	Did Bricks of Cocaine Wash Up on Beaches After Hurricane Dorian?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-coca-cola	Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine.	Does Coca-Cola Contain Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-mitch	Some 90 pounds of cocaine was found on a cargo ship owned by U.S. Senate Majority Leader and anti-drug politician Mitch McConnell.	Did U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell Own a Cargo Ship Found Carrying 90 Lbs. of Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-nasal-spray-fda	In January 2020, the Food and Drug Administration approved a nasal spray containing cocaine.	Did the FDA Approve a Cocaine Nasal Spray?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-on-money	A large percentage of U.S. currency bears traces of cocaine.	Does Most U.S. Currency Bear Traces of Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-shrimp	Researchers detected cocaine in multiple, freshwater-shrimp samples across the U.K.	Did Scientists Detect Cocaine in Freshwater Shrimp?
vclaim-sno-cocaine-smuggled-in-bananas	Nearly two dozen bricks of cocaine were found in banana shipments destined for Canada in February 2019.	Were Bricks of Cocaine Smuggled in Banana Shipments?
vclaim-sno-cockroach-eggs	The cause of swelling in a girl’s jaw was determined to be cockroach eggs she ingested from eating a Taco Bell taco or licking envelopes.	Cockroach Eggs
vclaim-sno-cockroach-guitar	A video shows a cockroach producing musical tones on a guitar.	Is This a Video of a Cockroach Strumming a Guitar?
vclaim-sno-cockroach-zimbabwe-x-ray	An x-ray image shows a live cockroach in a patient's chest in Zimbabwe.	Did Doctors Discover a Live Cockroach in a Patient’s Chest in Zimbabwe?
vclaim-sno-cockroaches-in-ground-coffee	Ground coffee beans contain trace elements of cockroaches.	Are There Cockroaches in Ground Coffee?
vclaim-sno-cocktails-came-out-of-prohibition	Cocktails are a wholly American invention, popularized by Prohibition.	Cocktails Came Out of Prohibition?
vclaim-sno-cocoa-mulch	Cocoa mulch contains a chemical (theobromine) that can be harmful to pets.	Is Cocoa Mulch a Danger to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-coconut-crab	Photographs show coconut crabs.	Coconut Crab
vclaim-sno-coconut-oil-improves-focus-and-cognition	Coconut oil has a positive effect on cognition and focus.	Coconut Oil Improves Focus and Cognition?
vclaim-sno-coconut-oil	Coconut oil is an effective treatment for Alzheimer's disease.	Coconut Oil As a Treatment for Alzheimer’s Disease?
vclaim-sno-coconuts-kill-more-sharks	More people die annually from falling coconuts than from shark attacks.	Do Falling Coconuts Kill More People Than Sharks Each Year?
vclaim-sno-code-for-pedophiles-on-toys	Parents should be aware that a code for pedophiles inexplicably showed up on a children's toy at motorsport event Monster Jam.	Code for Pedophiles on Toys?
vclaim-sno-code-grabbers-remote-keyless-entry	"Thieves armed with ""code grabbers"" are breaking into cars by recording signals sent by remote keyless entry devices."	Are Car Thieves Using ‘Code Grabbers’ to Steal Automobiles?
vclaim-sno-cody-green-honorary-marine	Cody Green, a 12-year-old boy with leukemia, was made an honorary member of the U.S. Marines.	Cody Green: Honorary Marine
vclaim-sno-coercion-d39alene	Two Idaho pastors were threatened with legal action and arrests for refusing to perform gay weddings.	Idaho Ministers Forced to Officiate Gay Weddings
vclaim-sno-coffee-collusion	Starbucks has joined Monsanto in a lawsuit against Vermont to avoid the implementation of GMO labeling regulations.	Starbucks and Monsanto Sue Vermont
vclaim-sno-coffee-mosquitoes-zika	Coffee serves as an effective mosquito repellant and protection against infection by the Zika virus.	Is Coffee an Effective Protective Measure Against Mosquitoes and Zika?
vclaim-sno-coil-mattresses-cause-cancer-amplifying-radio-waves	Coiled mattresses cause cancer by amplifying radio waves.	Do Coil Mattresses Cause Cancer by Amplifying Radio Waves?
vclaim-sno-coil-of-rage	A list collect passages about racism taken from Barack Obama's books.	Winds of Change
vclaim-sno-coin-car-handle-warning	Criminals are furtively wedging coins into car door handles in order to more easily break into vehicles.	Coins in Car Door Theft Warning
vclaim-sno-coin-shortage-covid	The COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic caused a nationwide shortage of U.S. coins in circulation during the summer of 2020.	Did a Nationwide US Coin Shortage Occur in Summer 2020?
vclaim-sno-coin-toss-real	Nike captured an amazing photo of the coin toss before the 2015 College Football Playoff championship game.	Is This Amazing Coin Toss Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-coins-on-graves	Coins left on military graves denote visits from living soldiers.	Why Are Coins Left on Gravestones in Cemeteries?
vclaim-sno-coke-adds-life	Pouring Coca-Cola onto a piece of raw pork will cause worms to come crawling out of the meat.	Does Coca-Cola Coax Worms Out of Pork?
vclaim-sno-coke-bottle-design-accident	The shape of the Coca-Cola bottle was mistakenly based on the cacao tree seed pod.	Was the Coca-Cola Bottle Design an Accident?
vclaim-sno-coke-dissolves-teeth	A tooth left in a glass of Coca-Cola will dissolve overnight.	Can Coca-Cola Dissolve Teeth?
vclaim-sno-coke-mentos-bathroom-explosion	"A video showing a ""Coke and Mentos"" experiment triggering a massive explosion in an apartment building was authentic."	Did a Viral Video Really Show Coke and Mentos Causing a Bathroom Explosion?
vclaim-sno-cola-increases	Congress will not allow Social Security recipients to get a COLA increase, while Obamacare raises the cost of Medicare premiums.	Is Congress Voting Against Social Security COLA Increases?
vclaim-sno-cole-withrow	A high school student named Cole Withrow was charged for leaving an unloaded shotgun in his vehicle while parking at school.	Cole Withrow
vclaim-sno-colgate-total-triclosan	In June 2017, the FDA announced it would be banning the use of triclosan in various products, including Colgate Total.	Did the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Announce a Ban on a Colgate Total Toothpaste Ingredient?
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-2018-person-of-the-year	An image shows a 'Time' cover featuring Colin Kaepernick as the magazine's 'Person of the Year' for 2018.	Is Colin Kaepernick on the Cover of Time Magazine as the 2018 ‘Person of the Year?’
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-arrest	Colin Kaepernick was arrested in a $200,000 drug bust.	Was Colin Kaepernick Arrested in Massive $200K Drug Bust?
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-assata-shakur	Colin Kaepernick made a $25,000 donation to an activist group named after Assata Shakur, who was convicted in the murder of a police officer.	Did Colin Kaepernick Donate $25,000 to a Group Honoring Assata Shakur?
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-converts-to-islam	Photographs show 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick shortly after he converted to Islam.	Did Colin Kaepernick Convert to Islam?
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-reportedly-found-dead-in-san-francisco-home	Colin Kaepernick was found dead in a San Francisco home during a controversy over his refusal to stand during the national anthem.	Colin Kaepernick Reportedly Found Dead in San Francisco Home
vclaim-sno-colin-kaepernick-socks	Controversial San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has worn socks depicting police officers as pigs.	Colin Kaepernick Wore Socks Depicting Police as Pigs
vclaim-sno-colin-powell-lazy-immigrants	"The quote, ""I don't want to hear about 'lazy immigrants' from a race of people who enslaved a whole other race of people to do all the work they didn't want to do"" is attributed to former U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell."	Did Colin Powell Make Viral Remarks About ‘Lazy Immigrants’ and White Hypocrisy?
vclaim-sno-colin-powell-supreme-court-quote	Colin Powell urged people to vote for Donald Trump so that they could put a conservative on the Supreme Court.	Colin Powell ‘Supreme Court Vacancy’ Quote
vclaim-sno-colin-powell	"Secretary of State Colin Powell made an eloquent point about America's desire for ""empire building"" to the Archbishop of Canterbury."	Colin Powell Quote
vclaim-sno-collapsing-currency	The U.S. dollar will officially collapse after	H.R. 2847 – July 1, 2014 the U.S. Dollar Will Officially Collapse
vclaim-sno-college-grads-judge-judy	Ten percent of college grads surveyed indicated Judge Judy was a Supreme Court justice.	Do 10 Percent of College Grads Think Judge Judy Is on the Supreme Court?
vclaim-sno-college-threatened-to-cancel-offensive-america-themed-bbq-event	"Officials at Ramapo College forced students to change an ""offensive"" patriotic barbecue event."	College Threatened to Cancel ‘Offensive’ America-Themed BBQ Event?
vclaim-sno-collin-county-serial-kidnapping	Police in Collin County, Texas have quietly warned of serial kidnappings at local Target and Walmart locations.	Collin County Serial Kidnapping Warning
vclaim-sno-collins-billboards-stephen-king	Author Stephen King placed billboards targeting U.S. Sen. Susan Collins outside his home in Bangor, Maine.	Did Stephen King Place a Billboard Outside His Maine Home Targeting US Sen. Susan Collins?
vclaim-sno-colonel-sanders-kfc-miss-childress	Colonel Sanders' original fried chicken recipe was stolen from a black woman named Miss Childress.	Did Colonel Sanders Steal the KFC Original Recipe From a Black Woman Named ‘Miss Childress’?
vclaim-sno-colonel-sanders	Inspirational Internet postings recount the high and low points in the life of KFC founder Colonel Harland Sanders.	The Life of Colonel Sanders
vclaim-sno-color-my-world	Vintage color photograph from 1941 shows the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.	Is a Vintage Pearl Harbor Color Photograph Real?
vclaim-sno-colorado-birth-control-facts	Colorado has offered free birth control for five years, leading to: a 40 percent drop in unintended pregnancy, a 42 percent drop in abortions, and millions of dollars in healthcare savings.	Colorado Birth Control Facts
vclaim-sno-colorado-couple-1868-law	"A Colorado couple was arrested based on an 1868 law making it illegal for ""midgets"" to have sex."	Was a Couple Arrested Based on an 1868 Law Making It Illegal for ‘Midgets’ to Have Sex?
vclaim-sno-colorado-gun-confiscation	"In May 2018, the Colorado House of Representatives passed a ""gun confiscation"" bill."	Did Colorado Democrats Pass a ‘Gun Confiscation’ Bill?
vclaim-sno-colorado-hunter-sasquatch	A Colorado hunter claimed he was sexually assaulted by a Sasquatch.	Did a Hunter Claim He Was Sexually Assaulted by a Sasquatch?
vclaim-sno-colorado-infant-become-first-pot-overdose-death	A new study reporting on the 2015 death of a Colorado infant claims the event was the world’s first documented pot overdose.	Did a Colorado Infant Become the ‘First Pot Overdose Death’?
vclaim-sno-colorado-squirrel-bubonic-plague	A squirrel in a rural Colorado town tested positive for bubonic plague in July 2020.	Did a Colorado Squirrel Test Positive for Bubonic Plague?
vclaim-sno-colorado-students-sharia-law	"A Colorado school's female students were forced to adhere to ""Sharia rules"" when visiting a mosque on a field trip."	Colorado School District Forces Students to Follow Sharia Dress Code?
vclaim-sno-colored-only-no-whites-allowed	"During the Jim Crow era of racial segregation in the American South, some businesses posted ""colored only, no whites allowed"" signs over their doors."	Did ‘No Whites Allowed’ Signs Exist in the Segregated South?
vclaim-sno-colored-stickers-target-homes-dog-owners	Criminals are marking homes with bags tied to trees or colored stickers in order to steal dogs for use in dogfighting events.	Colored Stickers Target Homes of Dog Owners?
vclaim-sno-colorful-eye-hurricane-dorian	A photograph shows the colorful eye of Hurricane Dorian.	Is This the Eye of Hurricane Dorian?
vclaim-sno-columbia-disaster	A Nostradamus prophecy foretold the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster.	Did a Nostradamus Prophecy Foretell a Space Shuttle Disaster in 2003?
vclaim-sno-columbia-records	Barack Obama did not attend Columbia University.	Barack Obama at Columbia
vclaim-sno-columbus-sex-slaves	Christopher Columbus sold sex slaves — some as young as nine years old.	Did Christopher Columbus Seize, Sell, and Export Sex Slaves?
vclaim-sno-columbus-ships-names	The ships used in Columbus’ first voyage across the Atlantic in 1492-93 were called the Niña, the Pinta, and the Santa Maria.	What Were the Names of Christopher Columbus’ Three Ships?
vclaim-sno-coma-splice	A veteran injured during the 1945 battle of Iwo Jima finally came out of his coma 69 years later.	WWII Veteran Emerges from Coma After 69 Years
vclaim-sno-comcast-to-the-curb	Comcast complained to the employer of a disgruntled customer and caused the man to lose his job.	Comcast Gets Angry Customer Fired?
vclaim-sno-comcasts-car-crash	An Indiana man filmed Comcast Xfinity repairmen causing automobile accidents, then refusing to take responsibility.	Comcast’s Car Crash
vclaim-sno-come-alive	The ‘Come Alive With Pepsi!’ slogan was interpreted in China as ‘Pepsi Brings Your Ancestors Back From the Dead.’	Pepsi Brings Back Ancestors
vclaim-sno-come-fly-with-me	An air traveler was arrested for ejaculating during a TSA patdown.	Man Arrested After Ejaculating During TSA Pat-Down
vclaim-sno-comedy-central-wolf-apology	Comedy Central fired Michelle Wolf and issued an apology after the comedian's appearance at the 2018 White House Correspondents Dinner.	Did Comedy Central Fire Michelle Wolf and Apologize to Sarah Sanders?
vclaim-sno-comey-clinton-foundation	Former FBI director James Comey benefited financially from the Clinton Foundation and was therefore biased when he investigated Hillary Clinton's e-mail scandal.	Did James Comey Take Millions from the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-comey-mueller-besties	"Fired FBI Director James Comey and Special Counsel Bob Mueller are ""best friends,"" which presents a conflict of interest in the Russia investigation."	Is James Comey ‘Best Friends’ with Robert Mueller, And Is That Friendship a Conflict of Interest?
vclaim-sno-comey-pee-tape	"Former FBI Director James Comey sent a tweet about the ""pee tape"" shortly after getting fired."	Did James Comey Tweet About ‘the Pee Tape’ After Getting Fired?
vclaim-sno-comic-book-mugging	A photograph shows a man who was mugged while delivering comic books to his sick daughter.	Was This Man Mugged While Delivering Comic Books to His Sick Daughter?
vclaim-sno-coming-clean	Web site provides access to program that will clean the inside of your computer screen.	Computer Screen Cleaner
vclaim-sno-command-decision	Message details decisions made by President Obama in directing the rescue of	Navy SEALs Rescue Captain Phillips from Somali Pirates
vclaim-sno-command-performance	Ed McMahon served as Johnny Carson’s commanding officer in the military.	Johnny Carson and Ed McMahon
vclaim-sno-comments-from-1955	A list collects comments made in the year 1955.	Are These Comments from 1955?
vclaim-sno-common-boor	As part of the Common Core curriculum, fourth-grade students have been assigned a worksheet directing them to describe a woman’s reaction when she discovers another woman’s hairclip in her bed.	Common Core Worksheet: Ruby’s Hairclip
vclaim-sno-common-cents-solution	Taping a penny to the site of a bee sting will ease the pain.	Copper Penny Bee Sting Treatment
vclaim-sno-common-core-ed-trice-999	"Ed Trice successfully lobbied to have all standardized math tests in the country changed after his daughter's ""correct"" answer to the question ""What's the largest number you can represent with 3 digits?"" was marked wrong."	Viral Story on ‘The Largest Number You Can Represent with Three Digits’ Doesn’t Check Out
vclaim-sno-common-core-florida-test-results	Abandoning the Common Core set of standards for English and mathematics caused a Florida charter school's test results to go from mediocre to outstanding.	Did Ditching Common Core Cause a Florida School’s Test Results to Improve?
vclaim-sno-communion-moon	Account by Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin describes his taking Communion on the moon.	Did Buzz Aldrin Take Communion on the Moon?
vclaim-sno-communist-rules-for-revolution	A list of “Communist Rules for Revolution” was discovered by Allied forces in Germany in 1919.	Communist Rules for Revolution
vclaim-sno-company-anniversary-free-product-scam	Businesses are celebrating their anniversaries by giving away free product to Facebook users who share and like a page.	Company Anniversary Free Product Scam
vclaim-sno-compassion-play	Students at a religious institute enrolled in a class on the life of Jesus arrive at their classroom to take the final exam and find a notice informing them that the test will be given in another building on the other side of the campus. As the students rush across campus to the new room, each is accosted by a forlorn beggar who entreats their help. None of the students stops for him, however — they all rush by, anxious to arrive on time for the exam.	Lesson in Compassion
vclaim-sno-compound-interest	Albert Einstein once declared compound interest to be “the most powerful force in the universe.”	Einstein and Compound Interest
vclaim-sno-computer-storage-1956	A photograph shows a 1956 computer disk memory storage unit.	Does This Photo Show Computer Storage in 1956?
vclaim-sno-concealed-carry-department-store-shooter	A woman saved multiple lives by using her concealed carry pistol to take down a department store shooter in Virginia.	Woman with Concealed Carry Permit Saves Multiple Lives After Stopping Department Store Shooter
vclaim-sno-concordia-university-ann-arbor	Photographs show official merchandise for Concordia University of Michigan featuring the letters C.U.M.	Is Concordia University of Michigan Selling This Lewd Merchandise?
vclaim-sno-conditions-in-los-angeles	An image shows a village of shacks in Los Angeles in 2019.	Does a Picture Show a Shanty Town in Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-condoleezza-and-osama	Photograph shows Condoleezza Rice posing with Osama bin Laden.	Condoleezza Rice and Osama Bin Laden
vclaim-sno-condom-consent-ban-california	"In early 2021, California Assembly Member Cristina Garcia published legislation to include ""stealthing"" under the definition of sexual battery in the state's civil code."	Would a California Bill Ban Removing a Condom Without Consent?
vclaim-sno-condom-snorting-challenge	The latest social media craze entails teens making videos of themselves snorting condoms into their nostrils and pulling them out through their mouths.	Is the ‘Condom Snorting Challenge’ a Real Teen Trend?
vclaim-sno-condor-killed-in-america-photo	A photograph shows a group of men with a recently killed condor in the United States.	Does This Photograph Show a Condor Killed in America?
vclaim-sno-cone-of-silence	A flavor of ice cream being transported affects a car’s performance: every time vanilla is the driver’s choice, the car stalls.	Ice Cream Cone Car
vclaim-sno-confederate-flag-capitol-dc	A Confederate flag was spotted inside and outside the U.S. Capitol as a pro-Trump mob stormed the building.	Was the Confederate Flag Raised at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C.?
vclaim-sno-confederate-flag-colors-religious	Each of the Confederate battle flag's colors was intended to symbollize a religious concept.	Do the Confederate Battle Flag’s Colors Have Religious Significance?
vclaim-sno-confederate-flag-history	A list dispels 'falsehoods and inaccuracies of Confederate and Southern history.'	The Truth About Confederate History: Part 1
vclaim-sno-confederate-soldiers-veterans	Congress passed laws in 1929 and 1958 designating all Confederate soldiers as United States veterans, making it illegal to remove monuments to the Confederacy.	Did Congress Designate Confederate Soldiers as United States Veterans?
vclaim-sno-confessions-for-the-holidays	Transcript reproduces Ben Stein's television commentary about the observance of Christmas.	Confessions for the Holidays
vclaim-sno-confessions-of-a-republican	A 1964 campaign ad for President Lyndon B. Johnson featured a purported Republican voter expressing concerns which eerily echoed threads of debate in the GOP in 2016.	‘Confessions of a Republican’
vclaim-sno-congress-expelled-lincoln-election	In 1861, three U.S. House members and 11 Senators were expelled for supporting the Confederacy and not acknowledging Abraham Lincoln's election as president.	Did Congress Expel 14 Members for Supporting Confederacy, Not Acknowledging Lincoln as President?
vclaim-sno-congress-french-freedom-fries-iraq	In 2003, the U.S Congress renamed french fries sold in their cafeterias to “freedom fries” after France expressed opposition to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.	Did Congress Rename Their French Fries to ‘Freedom Fries’ Before the Iraq War?
vclaim-sno-congress-gun-legal-mental	Congress passed a law that makes it legal for mentally impaired persons to purchase guns.	Did Congress Legalize Gun Purchases for People With Mental Impairments?
vclaim-sno-congress-initiates-president-obamas-impeachment	"Congress has ""officially initiated President Obama's impeachment."""	Congress Initiates President Obama’s Impeachment
vclaim-sno-congress-paid-military-not-shutdown	Members of Congress continue to get paid but military personnel do not during a U.S. government shutdown.	Does Congress Get Paid While Military Personnel Do Not During a Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-congress-per-diem-pay	Members of the U.S. Congress were initially paid on a per diem basis to preclude them from raising their own salaries.	Was the U.S. Congress Originally Paid Per Diem to Prevent Them from Raising Their Salaries?
vclaim-sno-congress-sexual-assault-charges	At least 260 members of the U.S. Congress have settled sexual assault charges.	Have 260 Out of 535 Members of Congress Settled Sexual Assault Charges?
vclaim-sno-congress-use-slush-fund-pay-17-million-women-sexually-harassed	"Congress has a ""slush fund"" from which it has paid $17 million to women who accused members of sexual harassment or abuse."	Did Congress Use a ‘Slush Fund’ to Pay $17 Million to Women They Sexually Harassed?
vclaim-sno-congress-votes-to-sell-apache-land-to-foreign-corporation	Congress voted to give Apache land to an environmentally exploitative foreign corporation.	Congress Voted to Sell Apache Land to Foreign Corporation?
vclaim-sno-congressional-concealer	HIPAA Laws started because a senator wanted to cover up his wife’s plastic surgery.	How Did HIPAA Laws Start?
vclaim-sno-congressional-crimes-list	List details crimes and disturbing backgrounds associated with members of the U.S. Congress, the NFL, or the NBA.	Is This a Real List of Crimes Associated with Members of Congress?
vclaim-sno-congressional-pensions	Members of Congress can receive lavish pensions after only one term in office and are not required to contribute to the Social Security fund.	Congressional Pensions
vclaim-sno-congressional-record	Paul Ryan has sponsored two Congressional bills that have been passed into law.	Bills Passed by Paul Ryan
vclaim-sno-congressional-reform-act-of-2017	President Trump is asking supporters to forward a message about the 'Congressional Reform Act of 2017.'	Is This Trump’s ‘Congressional Reform Act of 2017’?
vclaim-sno-congressional-staffers-family-members-exempt-repaying-student-loans	All congressional staffers and family members are exempt from repaying their student loans.	Are Congressional Staffers and Family Members Exempt from Repaying Student Loans?
vclaim-sno-congressional-swearing-quran	A newly-elected Muslim Congressman took his oath of office on the Quran instead of the Bible.	Did a Muslim Congressman Take His Oath of Office on the Quran Instead of the Bible?
vclaim-sno-congresswoman-ateesha-nubbins	Congresswoman Ateesha Nubbins pushed for a bill that would establish an upper-age voting limit.	Did Congresswoman Ateesha Nubbins Put an Upper-Age Limit on Voting?
vclaim-sno-connecticut-gun-confiscation	"Connecticut gun owners have started receiving ""gun confiscation letters."""	Connecticut Begins Sending Gun Confiscation Letters
vclaim-sno-connor-betts-dayton-died-2014	"The Dayton, Ohio, mass shooting suspect ""Connor Betts"" is or has assumed the identity of the same Connor Betts who died in Connecticut in 2014."	Did the Suspected Dayton Mass Shooter Actually Die in 2014?
vclaim-sno-connor-reid-eckhardt	"A California teen named Connor Reid Eckhardt was determined to have died after smoking a synthetic marijuana compound known as ""spice"" or K2."	Connor Reid Eckhardt
vclaim-sno-conrad-heyer-photo	A black-and-white photograph depicts a real veteran of the American Revolutionary War.	Is This a Photo of an American Revolutionary War Vet?
vclaim-sno-conspiracists-most-sane	A scientific study demonstrated that conspiracy theorists are generally more sane than other people.	Did a Scientific Study Prove That “Conspiracists” Are “The Most Sane of All?”
vclaim-sno-conspiracy-theory-pizzagate-2011-interview	"Donald Trump referred to the pedophilia conspiracy theory that has come to be known as ""Pizzagate"" during a 2011 interview."	Did Donald Trump Predict the ‘Pizzagate’ Conspiracy Theory in a 2011 Interview?
vclaim-sno-conspiracy-video	The government in Oklahoma is planning to detain people unless they can show proof of vaccination.	Are the Unvaccinated Being Forcibly Rounded up in Oklahoma?
vclaim-sno-consumer-rebate-program	A new government program gives all taxpaying Americans the right to collect ‘cash rebates’ on nearly every single purchase.	$42.4 Billion Consumer Rebate Program
vclaim-sno-contaminated-capriccio-sangria	Capriccio Bubbly Sangria beverages are contaminated with HIV.	Is Capriccio Sangria Spreading HIV?
vclaim-sno-continental-divide	Continental Airlines CEO Gordon Bethune once personally threw a passenger off an airplane for being rude to a flight attendant.	Gordon Bethune Rumor
vclaim-sno-contract-buster	Silent film star Buster Keaton was contractually precluded from smiling on-screen.	Buster Keaton Forbidden to Smile?
vclaim-sno-contract-on-america	Newt Gingrich issued a statement condemning the building of the Cordoba House community center in Manhattan.	Newt Gingrich Statement on Proposed Mosque/Islamic Community Center Near Ground Zero
vclaim-sno-contractual-hold	Couple hospitalized after becoming stuck together while copulating in the ocean.	Ocean Romance Gets Couple ‘Stuck’
vclaim-sno-controversial-beverly-hillbillies	"The popular sitcom ""The Beverly Hillbillies"" was canceled due to the fallout from a controversial scene."	No ‘Controversial Scene’ Took ‘The Beverly Hillbillies’ Off the Air
vclaim-sno-convicts-migrant-caravan	The Department of Homeland Security determined that 300 criminals were traveling in the Central American migrant caravan.	Are 300 ‘Known Convicts and Gang Members’ Among the Migrant Caravan?
vclaim-sno-conway-racist-small-price-to-pay	"KellyAnne Conway said that being labelled racist is a small price to pay for making the country ""great again."""	Did KellyAnne Conway Say Being Labeled Racist is ‘a Small Price to Pay’ for Making America Great Again?
vclaim-sno-cookie-and-coco	Two Labradors named Cookie and Coco need a home.	Cookie and Coco
vclaim-sno-cookie-dough-explodes-shoplifting-incident	A can of cookie dough exploded inside a woman's vagina during a shoplifting incident at Walmart.	Cookie Dough Explodes During Shoplifting Incident
vclaim-sno-cookie-monster-rock	"A photograph shows a geode that resembles the ""Sesame Street"" character Cookie Monster."	Is the ‘Cookie Monster Rock’ Real?
vclaim-sno-cookie-monster-veggie-monster	Sesame Street's Cookie Monster is being replaced by Veggie Monster.	Is Cookie Monster Becoming Veggie Monster?
vclaim-sno-cookie-monster	O.J. Simpson was caught stealing cookies in prison.	O.J. Simpson Caught Stealing Cookies in Prison?
vclaim-sno-cookie-nookie	A Huntley and Palmers biscuit tin included risqué images on its lid.	Risqué Images on Biscuit Tin
vclaim-sno-cooking-meth-in-hotel-coffee-pot	A father and son were gravely sickened at an Omaha Ramada resort by a hotel coffee pot was used to cook meth by a previous guest.	Were Hotel Guests Sickened by a Coffee Pot Used to Cook Meth?
vclaim-sno-cooking-with-aluminum-foil-puts-you-at-risk-for-alzheimers	Studies have demonstrated that cooking with aluminum foil can result in the ingestion of aluminum, which is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease.	Does Cooking with Aluminum Foil Put You at Risk for Alzheimer’s?
vclaim-sno-cool-millions	The brothers who invented automobile air conditioning pulled a fast one on Henry Ford.	Henry Ford and Air Conditioning
vclaim-sno-cool-tips	Storing batteries in a refrigerator or freezer will improve their performance.	Refrigerating or Freezing Batteries
vclaim-sno-cooler-corn	A message provides useful instructions for cookomg corn on the cob in a portable picnic cooler.	Cooking Corn on the Cob in a Cooler
vclaim-sno-coon-rapids-walmart-trafficking-warning	A woman narrowly escaped an abduction attempt at the Coon Rapids Walmart in Minnesota.	Coon Rapids Walmart Trafficking Warning
vclaim-sno-coors-and-nazis	Coors financially supports Nazi groups.	Coors and Nazis
vclaim-sno-coors-beer-cocaine	Production of Coors Light beer has been halted due the brew's being contaminated with cocaine.	Did the FDA Find Thousands of Coors Light Beers Laced with Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-cop-after-not-shooting-guy-knife	"Photo shows a law enforcement officer who was badly wounded after ""not shooting"" a perpetrator brandishing a knife."	Does This Photo Show a ‘Cop After Not Shooting a Guy with a Knife’?
vclaim-sno-cop-knock	Michael Brown’s mother posted comments on social media celebrating the shooting of two Ferguson police officers.	Mike Brown's Mom Reacts to Ferguson Cop Shooting
vclaim-sno-cop-shoots-2-year-old-black-baby-after-mistaking-pacifier-for-gun	A Baltimore police officer shot and killed two-year-old Malik Gibson after mistaking his pacifier for a gun.	Cop Shoots 2-Year-Old Black Baby After Mistaking Pacifier for Gun
vclaim-sno-cop-talk	The slang police term 'cop' derives from an acronym for the phrase 'constable on patrol.'	Does Cop = ‘Constable on Patrol’?
vclaim-sno-copperhead-snake-angler-warning	An official statement warns anglers about copperhead snakes living inside of fish.	No, Copperhead Snakes Aren’t Living Inside Fish Mouths
vclaim-sno-cops-take-knee-redskins-stranded-locker-room	"The Washington Redskins were stranded in their locker rooms overnight by Philadelphia police angry that players ""took a knee"" during a game against the Eagles on 23 October 2017."	Did Cops ‘Take a Knee’ and Leave the Washington Redskins Stranded Overnight in Their Locker Room?
vclaim-sno-coral-reef-empire-state-building	Australian scientists discovered a 1,600-foot-tall detached coral reef in the Great Barrier Reef, making it the first to be discovered in the region over a century.	Was a Coral Reef Taller Than the Empire State Building Discovered in the Great Barrier Reef?
vclaim-sno-corbin-whisper	Servicemen refused service at a	Corbin Sak-N-Pak Refuses Services to Soldiers?
vclaim-sno-coretta-scott-king-criticize-jeff-sessions-record	Coretta Scott King wrote a letter opposing Jeff Session's confirmation for appointment as a federal judge.	Did Coretta Scott King Criticize Jeff Sessions’ Record?
vclaim-sno-coretta-scott-king-thanked-jeff-sessions	A video shows Coretta Scott King thanking Jeff Sessions during her remarks at the dedication of the Rosa Parks Library.	Did Coretta Scott King Thank Jeff Sessions in a Speech?
vclaim-sno-corey-feldman-stabbing-incident	Corey Feldman was stabbed by assailants angered by his claims that he was victim of pedophilia.	Was Actor Corey Feldman Stabbed Over Pedophilia Claims?
vclaim-sno-coriolis-effect	The Coriolis force determines which direction water spirals down drains and toilets in different hemispheres.	Does the Coriolis Effect Determine Which Direction Water Goes Down a Drain?
vclaim-sno-cormac-mccarthy-death-hoax	Author Cormac McCarthy passed away in June 2016.	Cormac McCarthy Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-corn-snuffs	Eating Takis brand corn chips causes ulcers and cancer in children.	Do Takis Brand Corn Chips Cause Ulcers and Cancer in Children?
vclaim-sno-cornea-cope-eee-ah	A man was blinded for life when his contact lenses fused to his eyes while he was barbecuing.	Contact Lenses Fused to Eyes
vclaim-sno-corningware-worth-thousands	Vintage Corningware casserole dishes are worth thousands of dollars apiece.	Are Vintage Corningware Casserole Dishes Worth Thousands of Dollars?
vclaim-sno-cornstalked	Some new Wisconsin quarters contain a printing error that makes them especially valuable.	Wisconsin Quarter Error
vclaim-sno-cornyn-votes-puerto-rico	"U.S. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas tweeted about uncounted ballots in Puerto Rico as an example of example of ""why it is prudent to let the process run its course"" in the 2020 U.S. presidential election."	Did Sen. Cornyn Tweet About ‘Thousands of Uncounted Votes in Puerto Rico’?
vclaim-sno-corona-beer-fear-coronavirus	Sales of Corona beer dropped sharply in early 2020 because consumers mistakenly associated the brand name with the new coronavirus.	Did Corona Beer Sales Drop Sharply Due to Fear About the Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-corona-founder-made-every-person-in-his-village-a-millionaire	Corona beer founder Antonino Fernandez made everyone in his village a millionaire after his death.	Did the Corona Founder Make Every Person in His Village a Millionaire?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-65-million-people	Health experts predicted the new coronavirus could kill 65 million people.	Did Health Experts ‘Predict’ New Coronavirus Could Kill 65 Million People?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-bulletin-farm-animals	A coronavirus-related health advisory graphic issued by the World Health Organization warned against unprotected sex with farm animals.	Did a Coronavirus Bulletin Warn Against Unprotected Sex with Farm Animals?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-cameroonian-student	"Chinese doctors confirmed that African people are ""genetically resistant"" to new coronavirus."	Did Chinese Doctors Confirm African People Are Genetically Resistant to Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-cure-bryant	USA Today published a front-page article about the development of a COVID-19 vaccine the same day Kobe Bryant's death was reported.	Did Coronavirus Vaccine Story Run Same Day as Reports of Kobe’s Death?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-doomsday-asteroid	After discovering a doomsday asteroid was approaching Earth, world leaders created the COVID-19 pandemic in an effort to distract the world population and force everyone to spend time with their families during Earth's final days.	Was COVID-19 Created to Distract Us from a Doomsday Asteroid?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-graph-spreading-faster	A video demonstrates there have been exponentially more cases of new coronavirus than other diseases such as SARS, MERS, Ebola, and swine flu.	Is Coronavirus Spreading Faster Than SARS, Ebola, and Swine Flu?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-meme	"A major disease outbreak occurred in ""every election year"" since 2004."	Does ‘Every Election Year’ Have a Coinciding Disease?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-test-donate-blood	Donating blood requires that you be administered a free test for COVID-19, a disease caused by the coronavirus.	Can You Get a Free Coronavirus Test by Donating Blood?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-us-december-2019	A study published in November 2020 analyzed SARS-CoV-2 antibodies in 2019 blood bank donations and found that the novel coronavirus may have been present in the U.S. weeks earlier than scientists realized.	Was Coronavirus in US as Early as December 2019?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-vince-mcmahon	U.S. President Donald Trump tapped World Wrestling Entertainment CEO Vince McMahon as an adviser on reopening the U.S. economy.	Is WWE’s Vince McMahon Advising Trump on the Economy?
vclaim-sno-coronavirus-warm-weather	Warmer weather will inhibit the spread of the new coronavirus.	Will Warm Weather Kill Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-corps-belief	"The ACLU objected to a U.S. Marine prayer session because it constituted ""federal employees praying on federal property and on federal time."""	ACLU and Praying Marines
vclaim-sno-corps-leaders-warn-marines-tide-pods	Alarmed by instances of Marines imperiling their health by eating liquid laundry detergent, top Marine Corps leaders issued a warning to all junior troops to stop participating in the Tide Pod Challenge.	Did Marine Corps Leaders Warn Marines to Stop Eating Tide Pods?
vclaim-sno-corpus-crispy	The charred remains of a scuba diver were discovered in a tree after a forest fire.	Dead Scuba Diver in Tree
vclaim-sno-correspondents39-course	Photograph shows Michelle Obama texting at the White House Correspondents' Dinner while other guests have their hands over their hearts.	FALSE: Michelle Obama Texting at White House Correspondents' Dinner
vclaim-sno-cory-booker-jared-kushner	"Cory Booker ""defended"" Jared Kushner on CNN, after receiving campaign contributions from him."	Did Cory Booker ‘Defend’ Jared Kushner After Receiving Donations From Him?
vclaim-sno-cory-bookers-son-santa	Senator Cory Booker’s son was charged with assault after he attacked a sidewalk Santa Claus on Christmas Eve.	Was Cory Booker’s Son Charged with Assault After Attack on Santa?
vclaim-sno-cos-cause	Comedian Bill Cosby’s remarks form the basis of a ‘We Can’t Blame White People’ essay.	Bill Cosby on Blaming White People
vclaim-sno-cosmetics-settlement	Cosmetics manufacturers will be giving away free product in settlement of a class-action lawsuit.	Cosmetics Settlement
vclaim-sno-cosmetologists-police-training	Cosmetologists require many more hours of training than police officers.	Do Cosmetologists Require More Training Than Police?
vclaim-sno-cosmic-brownies	Little Debbie's Cosmic Brownies are infested with worms.	Are Little Debbie Cosmic Brownies Infested with Worms?
vclaim-sno-cosplay-illegal-five-states	Cosplay has been made illegal in five states.	FALSE: Cosplay to Be Outlawed in Five States
vclaim-sno-costco-bath-tissue-recall	Costco has issued a recall for their Kirkland Signature brand of bath tissue.	Did Costco Issue a Recall Notice for Toilet Paper?
vclaim-sno-costco-ceo	Image presents information about Costco CEO James Sinegal.	Costco CEO
vclaim-sno-costco-closing-stores	Costco closed stores across the U.S. in February 2021.	Is Costco Closing Stores ‘Across the Nation’?
vclaim-sno-costco-coconut-milk	Costco stopped selling Chaokoh coconut milk due to the mistreatment of monkeys in producing the product.	Did Costco Stop Selling Chaokoh Coconut Milk Because of Exploited Monkeys?
vclaim-sno-costco-coupon-scam	Costco is giving out free $75 coupons to Facebook users  to celebrate the company's anniversary.	Costco ‘Anniversary’ $75 Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-costco-free-grocery-box-scam	The grocery chain Costco is offering free grocery boxes to people who fill out surveys on social media.	Costco ‘Free Grocery Box’ Scam
vclaim-sno-costco-lying-about-cage-free-eggs	Costco lied about carrying cage-free eggs in their stores.	Costco Lying About Cage-Free Eggs?
vclaim-sno-costco-policy-change	Costco announced a change to its return policy in 2020.	Did Costco Make a ‘Shocking’ Policy Change?
vclaim-sno-costco-response-facebook	"The official Costco Facebook page sarcastically told ""Sharon"" that her opposition to wearing a mask in its stores would someday be the subject of a documentary."	Did Costco Post This Sarcastic Reply to a Customer on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-costco-rotisserie-chicken-cheap	Costco loses an estimated $30 to $40 million a year by keeping rotisserie chickens at $4.99 each. But the company would rather keep members happy and foot traffic high.	Does Costco Lose Millions Annually for Keeping Rotisserie Chicken Cheap?
vclaim-sno-costco-toilet-paper-plumbing	Costco toilet paper damages septic tanks.	Is Costco Toilet Paper Unsafe for Plumbing Systems?
vclaim-sno-cosub2sub-fast-2-furious	A university student who drank too many Cokes died from carbon dioxide poisoning.	Too Many Cokes Kills Student
vclaim-sno-cottonmouth-washed	An unlucky waterskier topples into a nest of deadly water moccasins.	Waterskier Falls Into Snake Nest
vclaim-sno-cougar-town-sedan	Photographs show a Mazda automobile that was attacked by a mountain lion.	Car Attacked by Mountain Lion
vclaim-sno-cough-cpr	Rhythmically coughing during a heart attack increases your chances of surviving it.	How to Survive a Heart Attack When Alone
vclaim-sno-coughing-on-produce	Youngsters deliberately coughing on produce in grocery stores during the COVID-19 pandemic is a nationwide trend in the U.S.	Is Teens Coughing on Produce a ‘Disturbing Trend’ in the US?
vclaim-sno-could-trump-defy-popular-vote	As of mid-November, several battleground states had not certified results of the popular vote in the 2020 presidential race, which meant U.S. President Donald Trump had an opportunity to defy the election's outcome.	Could Trump Defy Popular Vote By Halting Voter Certification?
vclaim-sno-counter-demonstrators-permits-charlottesville	Counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville did not have the appropriate permits to protest a white supremacist rally.	Counter-Demonstrators Didn’t Have Permits in Charlottesville?
vclaim-sno-counties-won-vs-popular-vote	A chart comparing number of counties won by presidential candidates to popular vote totals signifies potential election fraud.	Counties Won vs. Popular Vote Does Not Signify Election Fraud
vclaim-sno-countries-covid-19-tests-2018	"Data displayed on the World Bank's World Integrated Trade Solution (WITS) website in September 2020 proved that dozens of nations imported or exported items labeled ""COVID-19 Test Kits"" in 2018 — more than a year before the pandemic occurred and before COVID-19 even had a name."	Did Dozens of Countries Order COVID-19 Tests in 2018?
vclaim-sno-country-origin-meat-labeling-meme	"Lawmakers ""slipped"" the repeal of country of origin labeling for meat into the December 2015 Omnibus Appropriations Bill."	Did the U.S. Remove ‘Country of Origin’ Labeling from Meat?
vclaim-sno-country-rat-city-rat	Major cities harbor rodent populations equivalent to one rat per person.	Rats Per Capita
vclaim-sno-county-map-keep-electoral-college	A map demonstrates the population disparity between densely populated Los Angeles County and much of the U.S.	Does This Map Show Why We Need the Electoral College?
vclaim-sno-county-sheriff-urges-arming	A sheriff in Carter County, Oklahoma issued a public letter urging citizens to arm themselves following a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California.	County Sheriff’s Letter Urges Citizens to Arm Themselves
vclaim-sno-coup-party-music	The planned cover for a hip-hop album due to be released in November 2001 depicted an exploding World Trade Center.	Did a 2001 Albums’s Cover Art Depict a Flaming WTC?
vclaim-sno-couple-finds-biological-twins-ivf-treatment	A couple seeking to conceive via IVF discovered through DNA testing that they were fraternal twins.	Did a Couple Find Out They Were Biological Twins During IVF Treatment?
vclaim-sno-couple-kills-dolphin-urinating	Photographs depict a couple posing with a dolphin that died because the woman urinated in its blowhole.	Did a Couple Kill a Dolphin by Urinating on It?
vclaim-sno-couple-meth-homeless-man	A couple on crystal meth ate parts of a homeless person.	Couple High on Meth Eats Homeless Man?
vclaim-sno-couple-stuck-with-gluebricant	A couple was sent to a hospital emergency room after mistaking glue for lubricant.	Couple Admitted Into ER After Mistaking Super Glue with Lube
vclaim-sno-coupon-gone	All U.S. stores will stop accepting coupons as of	No More Coupons After July 1
vclaim-sno-couponing-crackdown	Facebook is removing coupon and coupon-sharing groups from their network.	Couponing Crackdown
vclaim-sno-courageous-restraint-medals	The U.S. military awards “Courageous Restraint Medals” to soldiers who refrain from firing their weapons.	Courageous Restraint Medals
vclaim-sno-courier-parcel-scam	"Scammers dupe victims into paying ""security keeping fees"" to receive courier parcels supposedly containing large checks or other valuables."	Package Pick-Up Scam
vclaim-sno-cov-19-inscribed-on-5g-board	"A video shows a piece of 5G equipment with ""COV-19"" inscribed on it."	Is ‘COV-19’ Inscribed on This Piece of 5G Equipment?
vclaim-sno-cover-girl	Photograph shows a girl from Sandy Hook Elementary School who was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings.	Sandy Hook Girl Killed in Bombing
vclaim-sno-covert-conversion-2	The brother of a top ISIS leader has repented and converted to Christianity.	Brother of Top ISIS Leader Repents, Converts to Christianity
vclaim-sno-covert-conversion	An ISIS jihadist converted to Christianity after being left for dead and rescued by Christian missionaries.	ISIS Fighter Converts to Christianity After Allah Refuses Him 'Entrance to Gates of Heaven'
vclaim-sno-covfefe-arabic-antediluvian	"""Covfefe"" means something, anything."	Is ‘Covfefe’ a Word in Arabic? Yiddish? ‘Antediluvian’?
vclaim-sno-covfefe-secret-nuclear-code	"The Defense Department had to remove the word ""covfefe"" from nuclear codes after Donald Trump tweeted it."	Was ‘Covfefe’ A Secret Nuclear Code?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-bat-quarters	Bats are pictured on the reverse of a U.S. quarter issued in 2020, an indicator that COVID-19 is connected to a government plot.	Do Bats on 2020 U.S. Quarters Demonstrate a Government COVID-19 Plot?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-classified-epidemic	COVID-19 could lose its epidemic status in the United States because of declining coronavirus death rates according to CDC data.	Will COVID-19 No Longer Be Classified as an Epidemic?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-denier-die-from-covid	An Ohio man died from complications related to the COVID-19 coronavirus disease weeks after he downplayed the virus on social media.	Did Ohio Man Who Called COVID-19 a ‘Political Ploy’ Die from the Disease?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-discovered-us-south-korea	The first cases of COVID-19 were reported in the United States and South Korea on the same day.	Was COVID-19 Discovered in the US and South Korea on the Same Day?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-dr-pepper-shortage	Coronavirus has resulted in a U.S. shortage of some Dr Pepper flavors.	Did Coronavirus Cause a Dr Pepper Shortage?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-found-in-toilet-paper	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced that COVID-19, a disease caused by the coronavirus, had been found in toilet paper, and that people should use wet cloths instead.	Was COVID-19 Found in Packages of Toilet Paper?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-infection-aspirin	By ignoring a ban on performing COVID-19 autopsies, researchers in Italy discovered that the disease is caused by a bacteria —  not a virus — and can simply be treated with aspirin.	Is COVID-19 a Bacterial Infection Easily Cured with Aspirin?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-mask-efficacy-chart	A chart accurately shows the effectiveness of wearing face masks during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is This COVID-19 Mask Efficacy Chart Accurate?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-nsaids-ibuprofen	Patients should avoid taking ibuprofen to relieve pain and fever associated with COVID-19 infections.	Should COVID-19 Patients Avoid Taking Ibuprofen?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-reinfection	People who have survived the COVID-19 coronavirus disease can become reinfected by the virus.	Can People Who Recover from COVID-19 Become Reinfected?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-stimulus-delayed-pelosi	Because of U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, the federal government had not approved a COVID-19 economic relief package in fall 2020.	Is COVID-19 Stimulus Legislation Delayed Because of Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-trump-tulsa-rally-june	The reelection campaign for U.S. President Donald Trump required attendees reserving tickets for a June 20, 2020, rally in Tulsa to agree they will not sue the campaign or event organizers should they be exposed to COVID-19 at the event.	Do Tulsa Trump Rally Attendees Have To Sign COVID-19 Waiver?
vclaim-sno-covid-19-vaccine-vape	A photograph shows a Pfizer vape cartridge containing a single dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.	Is the COVID-19 Vaccine Vape Cartridge Real?
vclaim-sno-covid-5g-chip-diagram	An image represents a schematic for a 'COVID 5G Chip.'	Is This a ‘COVID 5G Chip Diagram’?
vclaim-sno-covid-app-tracker	COVID-19 contact-tracing apps like Healthy Together and ABTraceTogether are tracking you and also the people in your phone contacts and Facebook friends lists.	Are COVID-19 Tracing Apps Secretly Tracking Your Facebook and Phone Contacts?
vclaim-sno-covid-certificate-vaccination-id	COVID-19 stands for “Certificate of Vaccination ID,” with the number “19” representing the letters “AI,” for “Artificial Intelligence.”	Does COVID Stand for ‘Certificate of Vaccination ID’?
vclaim-sno-covid-detention-camps-new-york	Legislation proposed in the New York State Senate in 2021 called for the establishment of COVID-19 “detention camps.”	Were COVID-19 Detention Camps Proposed in New York Legislation?
vclaim-sno-covid-flu-tamiflu	"""False positives"" for COVID that are actually cases of the flu or the common cold are inflating the real danger of COVID-19 and the pandemic."	No, Harvey Staub the ‘Pharmacist’ Is Not Right About COVID
vclaim-sno-covid-good-news-list-accurate	"A viral list notes numerous ""good news"" items related to the fight against the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic."	Is This ‘Good News’ List About the COVID-19 Pandemic Accurate?
vclaim-sno-covid-nyc-tokyo	"As of April 25, 2020, the rate of people dying from the COVID-19 coronavirus disease in New York City was at least 250 times ""higher"" than Tokyo's — and growing with time."	Is NYC’s COVID-19 Death Rate at Least 250x Higher Than Tokyo’s?
vclaim-sno-covid-relief-funds-us-uk	A meme accurately shows how countries including Australia, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, U.K., and the U.S. are providing stimulus relief funds to their economies reeling from the COVID-19 pandemic.	Does Meme Accurately Compare US COVID Relief Funds to Other Countries’?
vclaim-sno-covid-result-holiday-gatherings	A negative COVID-19 test will “clear” people to go to holiday gatherings with their family and friends across the United States.	Can a Negative COVID Test Result ‘Clear’ People for Holiday Gatherings?
vclaim-sno-covid-stimulus-check	"Coronavirus stimulus payments, termed ""Economic Impact Payments,"" are taxable and could reduce your 2020 tax refund."	Will Your Coronavirus Stimulus Check Count Against Your 2020 Tax Refund?
vclaim-sno-covid-surcharge-restaurant	An image shows a restaurant receipt displaying a 5% COVID-19 surcharge.	Does This Restaurant Receipt Show a COVID-19 Surcharge?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-aborted-fetal-cells	Johnson & Johnson's COVID-19 vaccine contains aborted fetal cells.	Does J&J COVID-19 Vaccine Contain Aborted Fetal Cells?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-bells-palsy	Four patients who took a trial COVID-19 vaccine developed Bell's palsy.	Did 4 COVID-19 Vaccine Trial Patients Develop Bell’s Palsy?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-female-sterilization	"The ""head of Pfizer research"" said the COVID-19 vaccine developed by the pharmaceutical company ""is female sterilization."""	Did ‘Head of Pfizer Research’ Say COVID-19 Vaccine ‘Is Female Sterilization’?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-funded-by-trump	The research and development of Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine, which proved to be 90% effective against SARS-CoV-2 in November 2020, was funded by U.S. President Donald Trump’s Operation Warp Speed.	Was Pfizer COVID-19 Vaccine Development Funded by Trump Administration?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-life-insurance	Receiving the COVID-19 vaccination could disqualify policyholders from receiving life insurance benefits if they died as result of the vaccine because the immunization is considered “experimental.”	Can Getting COVID-19 Vaccine Disqualify You From Life Insurance Benefits?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-omar-calls-out-aoc	In late December 2020, U.S. Rep Ilhan Omar criticized federal politicians including Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez for getting a COVID-19 vaccine before most Americans.	Did Rep. Ilhan Omar Criticize AOC for Getting COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-penis-injection	Two scientific studies found that men should inject the COVID-19 vaccine into the penis, and that the vaccine increased penis size among some men.	Did Doctors Recommend Genital COVID-19 Vaccination Injections for Men?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-throw-away	New York State threw away COVID-19 vaccine doses that could have been otherwise used.	Did New York Throw Away COVID-19 Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-covid-vaccine-unprotected-sex	"Pfizer vaccine ""page 132"" warns not to have unprotected sex for 28 days after the second dose of the COVID-19 vaccine because ""genetic manipulation"" may cause birth defects."	Does Pfizer ‘Page 132’ Warn Against Unprotected Sex After COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-covid-vax-false-hiv	A COVID-19 vaccine candidate caused false positive test results for HIV.	Did a COVID Vaccine Candidate Produce False Positives for HIV?
vclaim-sno-covid19-gas-pump-handles	"The COVID-19 coronavirus disease is ""spreading quickly from gas pumps."""	Is COVID-19 Being Spread Through Gas Pumps?
vclaim-sno-covid19-railroad-tankcar	A photograph shows a railroad tank car identified as carrying 'COVID-19.'	Is This Train Car Carrying ‘COVID-19’?
vclaim-sno-covid19-two-deaths	Newspaper accounts reported two different deaths from COVID-19 for the same person.	Did the Same Person ‘Die Twice’ from COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-covid19-vaccination-cannibalism	An image shows a CNN report on an outbreak of cannibalism among COVID-19 vaccine recipients.	Fake CNN Report: COVID Vaccine Recipients Become Cannibals
vclaim-sno-covington-catholic-black-paint	A photograph shows a Covington Catholic High School basketball game with students wearing blackface and/or black body paint in the stands.	Is This Picture from a Covington Catholic High School Basketball Game?
vclaim-sno-cow-blood-chocolate-milk	"Chocolate milk is made from ""regular"" milk rejected for containing too much cow's blood."	Cow Blood in Chocolate Milk
vclaim-sno-cow-check	Someone once wrote a check on the side of a cow, and the bovine check was accepted and cashed by the bank.	Cash Cow
vclaim-sno-cow-eyeballs-in-dui	Police found more than 30 cow eyeballs in a man's rectum after arresting him for drunk driving.	Was a Wyoming Man Found with 30 Eyeballs in His Anal Cavity?
vclaim-sno-cow-on-hood-car	A photograph shows a cow sitting on the hood of a car to stay warm during the winter.	Did a Cow Really Sit on the Hood of this Car?
vclaim-sno-cow-photo-optical-illusion	"A photograph shows an ""optical illusion"" with markings on a cow's face that resemble two people in profile."	Does This Cow Have an ‘Optical Illusion’ on Its Face?
vclaim-sno-cow-tao	The rescued crew of a Japanese fishing trawler were held in custody when Russian officials refused to believe their claim that their boat was sunk by a falling cow.	Cow Sinks Trawler
vclaim-sno-coyote-given-bath-mistaken-dog	A photograph shows a coyote being given a bath after it was mistaken for a dog.	Was This Coyote Given a Bath After Being Mistaken for a Dog?
vclaim-sno-cpac-national-anthem-real	"A video shows a messy version of the ""The Star-Spangled Banner"" that was performed at the 2021 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC)."	Is That CPAC National Anthem Video Real?
vclaim-sno-cpac-stage-nazi-symbol	The stage at CPAC 2021 was intentionally designed to look like an early European rune, which has also been used as a Nazi symbol.	Was the CPAC Stage Intentionally Shaped Like a Nazi Symbol?
vclaim-sno-cpr-annie	The face of the CPR training mannequin was modeled after the deceased daughter of the doctor who invented it.	Is the CPR Mannequin Modeled After the Inventor’s Deceased Daughter?
vclaim-sno-crab-cake-oreos-real	"An image shows a genuine ""Crab Cake Oreos"" product."	Are Crab Cake Oreos Real?
vclaim-sno-crabzilla	An aerial photograph shows a giant 50-foot crab off the coast of Whitstable, UK.	Was a 50-Foot Crab Spotted in England?
vclaim-sno-cracked-thin-mints	Girl Scout-vended Thin Mint flavor cookies are made with crack.	Thin Mint Cookies Have Crack in Them?
vclaim-sno-cracker-barrel-whips	"The phrase ""cracker barrel"" — as in the name of the Cracker Barrel restaurant chain — refers to a barrel that was used to hold whips for sale in country stores."	Does ‘Cracker Barrel’ Refer to a Barrel of Whips?
vclaim-sno-cracker-dog	Photograph shows a dog injured by fireworks placed in its mouth.	Dog's Face Blown Off by Firecracker
vclaim-sno-cracking-knuckles-arthritis	Cracking your knuckles will give you arthritis.	Does Cracking Your Knuckles Cause Arthritis?
vclaim-sno-cradle-of-clouds-photo	"A photo taken by the Hubble Telescope shows the earth in a ""cradle of clouds."""	Earth in a ‘Cradle of Clouds’
vclaim-sno-craigslist-ad-linestanders-trump-rally	An October 2018 Craigslist ad solicited paid attendees to President Trump's rally in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Did a Craigslist Ad Solicit Paid Attendees to Donald Trump’s Rally in Erie, Pennsylvania?
vclaim-sno-craigslist-ad-seeks-trump-actors	"A Craigslist ad sought to pay up to 500 actors to hold ""Pro Trump"" signs during ""protest activity"" at or near the Phoenix Convention Center."	Did a CraigsList Ad Seek Actors to Play Trump Supporters in Phoenix?
vclaim-sno-craigslist-ad-trump-rally	Ads on Craigslist sought to recruit paid protesters to swarm Donald Trump rallies.	Craigslist Ads Recruit Paid Protesters for Trump Rallies
vclaim-sno-craigslist-minority-actors-trump-tulsa	"A Craigslist ad offered to pay ""minority actors"" to hold signs at a Trump rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma on June 20, 2020."	Did a Craigslist Ad Seek ‘Minority Actors’ for Trump’s Tulsa Rally?
vclaim-sno-crash-and-burn	Photograph shows Barack Obama posing with a couple who crashed a White House state dinner.	White House Crashers
vclaim-sno-crash-course-2	A rise in automobile accidents occurs in the aftermath of the Super Bowl.	Do Car Accidents Increase After the Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-crash-position	The purpose of the 'crash' or 'brace' position in airliners is to kill passengers quickly in the event of an crash, or to preserve their remains so as to make identification of bodies easier.	Does ‘Brace Position’ Kill Passengers Quickly in an Air Crash?
vclaim-sno-crash-register	The federal insurance exchange web site accidentally entered thousands of people into a sex offender registry.	Obamacare Website Accidentally Enrolls Thousands in Sex Offender Registry
vclaim-sno-crass-transportation	A transportation magazine ran a “Guide to Hiring Women” article in 1943.	1943 Guide to Hiring Women
vclaim-sno-crayola-bathtub-fingerpaint-soap-warning	Crayola's bathtub fingerpaint soap presents a burn risk.	Crayola Bathtub Fingerpaint Soap Warning
vclaim-sno-crayola-nipsey-blue-crayon	"Crayola named its new blue crayon ""Nipsey Blue"" in honor of the late rapper Nipsey Hussle."	Did Crayola Make a ‘Nipsey Blue’ Crayon?
vclaim-sno-crayola-retire-dandelion-crayon	"Crayola announced they are removing the ""dandelion"" color from their basic box of 24 crayons due to a complaint from the White House that children were using it to create unflattering portraits of President Trump."	Crayola to Retire ‘Dandelion’ Colored Crayon Due to White House Pressure?
vclaim-sno-crayon-candle	A coloring crayon can be used as a candle for a short time in an emergency.	Can a Crayon Be Used as a Candle?
vclaim-sno-cream-filled-donuts	An angry fraternity exacts revenge on its enemies with an adulterated peace offering.	Fraternity Donut Revenge
vclaim-sno-cream-of-tartar-migraine-headaches	Cream of tartar is an effective treatment for migraine headaches.	Is Cream of Tartar an Effective Treatment for Migraine Headaches?
vclaim-sno-creature-in-portugal-desert	Video shows a humanoid creature of unknown species ambling through a Portuguese desert.	Mysterious Creature Filmed in Portuguese Desert
vclaim-sno-creatures-tsunami-japan	Photographs show unusual deep-sea creatures washed up by the March 2011 Japanese tsunami.	Were These Sea Creatures Washed Up by a Tsunami?
vclaim-sno-credit-card-scams	E-mail chronicles various ways scammers might obtain your credit card numbers.	Credit Card Scams
vclaim-sno-credit-carded-immigrants	Bank of America ran a pilot program in 2007 offering credit cards to customers lacking Social Security numbers.	Bank of America Credit Cards for Illegals
vclaim-sno-credit-where-credit-is-due	Special one-time federal excise tax credit in 2006 rebates tax overpayment on phone bills.	2006 Federal Excise Tax Credit
vclaim-sno-creepy-abandoned-train-tunnel	An image shows an abandoned train tunnel from the 19th century, framed with icicles estimated to be around 15 feet (5 meters) long.	Is This Abandoned Train Tunnel Real?
vclaim-sno-creepy-bus-chloe-jones	A video tells the true story of a little girl named Chloe Jones who was abducted after getting on the wrong school bus.	Was a Child Named Chloe Jones Abducted by a ‘Creepy School Bus’?
vclaim-sno-creepy-clown-haunted-house-massacre	"A ""creepy clown"" was arrested after massacring 18 individuals in a haunted house attraction."	Creepy Clown Arrested After Haunted House Massacre, 18 People Dead?
vclaim-sno-creepy-clowns-halloween-night-purge	"Police warned citizens to ""stay inside"" on Halloween night because of information that ""creepy clowns"" planned a ""purge night."""	Creepy Clowns Plan Halloween Night Purge, Cops Warn ‘Stay Inside’?
vclaim-sno-creepy-gnome-video	Video captures a 'creepy gnome' that has frightened residents of an Argentine town.	Did a ‘Creepy Gnome’ Sighting Terrify an Argentine Neighborhood?
vclaim-sno-creepy-mickey-mouse-costumes	A photograph shows an early version of costumes for Mickey Mouse and Minnie Mouse.	Are These ‘Creepy’ Mickey Mouse Costumes Real?
vclaim-sno-creepy-shrine-to-missing-persons-in-new-york-woods	"A hiker stumbled across a scary ""shrine"" made out of missing persons posters."	Hiker Finds Creepy ‘Shrine’ to Missing Persons in New York Woods
vclaim-sno-creflo-dollar-debuts-new-pulpit-made-entirely-of-hundred-dollar-bills	Televangelist Creflo Dollar's pulpit is made entirely out of hundred dollar bills.	Creflo Dollar Debuts New Pulpit Made Entirely of Hundred Dollar Bills?
vclaim-sno-creflo-dollar-endorses-trump	Pastor Creflo Dollar was told by God to endorse Donald Trump.	Creflo Dollar Endorses Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-cremainlining	Thieves steal what they believe to be cocaine but what is in reality the cremated remains of the householder's relative.	Cremains Mistaken for Cocaine
vclaim-sno-cremated-by-mistake	An exhausted funeral home worker was cremated by mistake after taking a nap.	Was an Exhausted Funeral Home Employee Cremated by Mistake?
vclaim-sno-cress-wifi-experiment	A group of Danish students proved that Wi-Fi signals harm human health in a study involving routers and cress seeds.	Do WiFi Signals Stunt Plant Growth?
vclaim-sno-crew-cut	A Pepsi distributor stopped donating supplies to the God’s Pit Crew relief agency because of the charity’s name.	God’s Pit Crew and Pepsi
vclaim-sno-crew-of-air-force-one-refuses-to-fly-obama-6000-miles-just-to-play-golf	The flight crew of Air Force One refused to fly President Obama 6,000 miles to play a round of golf.	Did the Crew of Air Force One Refuse to Fly Obama 6000 Miles ‘Just to Play Golf’?
vclaim-sno-crime-rates-democrats-vote	Maps shows that areas with high democratic populations also have high crime rates.	Do Maps Show High Crime Rates Where Democrats Vote?
vclaim-sno-crime-ring	A woman approached by a stranger at a gas station was injected with a knockout drug via a handshake.	Woman Injected with Knockout Drug at Gas Station
vclaim-sno-crime-sweden-part-ii-refugee-men-overrepresented-swedish-crime	Recently-arrived asylum seekers are perpetrating the majority of crime in Sweden.	Crime in Sweden, Part II: Are Refugee Men Overrepresented in Swedish Crime?
vclaim-sno-crime-sweden-rape-capital-europe	Sweden has the highest rate of rape among European countries.	Crime In Sweden, Part I: Is Sweden the ‘Rape Capital’ of Europe?
vclaim-sno-criminal-aliens-gang-members	In 2018, over 17,000 adults arrested at the border had prior criminal records, including 6,000 gang members (many of them MS-13).	Were 17,000 “Criminal Aliens” and 6,000 MS-13 Gang Members Arrested in 2018?
vclaim-sno-criminal-discovery	A burglar discovered a suicide in the home he’d broken into.	Burglar Discovers Suicide
vclaim-sno-criminals-using-plastic-bottles-carjack	Carjackers place empty plastic bottles in a car wheel wells to facilitate their crimes.	Are Criminals Using Plastic Bottles in Wheel Wells to Carjack People?
vclaim-sno-crips	The gang known as the Crips took their name from an acronym for “continuous revolution in progress.”	Etymology of Crips
vclaim-sno-crisis-actor-mother-three-shootings	The same woman appeared on television as the victim or mother of children killed in three different mass shootings.	Did the Same ‘Crisis Actor’ Play the Mother and Victim in Three Different Mass Shootings?
vclaim-sno-crisis-text-line-741741	Teens can text 741741 from anywhere to talk with a crisis counselor.	741741: Crisis Text Line
vclaim-sno-cristhian-rivera-gofundme	"In August 2018, ""liberals"" started a GoFundMe campaign to raise murder suspect Cristhian Rivera's $5,000,000 bail."	Did ‘Liberals’ Set Up a GoFundMe Campaign for Murder Suspect Cristhian Rivera?
vclaim-sno-cristina-higgins-coronavirus-post	Cristina Higgins authored a personal account about the spread of COVID-19 in Italy.	Did Cristina Higgins Pen This Facebook Post About Coronavirus in Italy?
vclaim-sno-critical-mass	Catholic priests may not conduct religious services on U.S. military bases during the federal government shutdown.	Catholic Services in Jeopardy During Government Shutdown
vclaim-sno-critter-fritter	A customer who picked up some fried chicken from a fast food outlet discovered that an unusual-tasting piece was actually a batter-fried rat.	Kentucky Fried Rat
vclaim-sno-croatian-president-bikini	A set of images show Croatian President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović in a bikini.	Do These Photographs Show the Croatian President in a Bikini?
vclaim-sno-crocobile	Crocodile bile is a deadly poison.	69 Dead After Drinking Crocodile Bile Poison Beer
vclaim-sno-crocodile	Photographs show a 21-foot crocodile found swimming in the streets of New Orleans.	Crocodile in New Orleans
vclaim-sno-crook-county	Voting machines in Cook County were rigged in 2014 to change votes cast for Republican candidates to votes for Democratic candidates.	Cook County Voting Machines Rigged to Change Votes?
vclaim-sno-cross-ayed	Resident objected to a cross on his city’s crest; other residents responded by placing crosses on their lawns.	Frankenmuth Crosses
vclaim-sno-cross-erected-capitol-building	A video shows a cross being erected in front of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Was a Cross Erected in Front of Capitol Building at Jan. 6 Protests?
vclaim-sno-cross-honor-fallen-firefighters	Facebook is deleting an image of a cross carved in honor fallen firefighters.	Is Facebook Deleting an Image of a Cross Carved to Honor Fallen Firefighters?
vclaim-sno-crossbreeding-humans-with-animals-approved-in-the-united-states	The United States has approved plans to crossbreed animals and humans.	Has Crossbreeding Humans with Animals Been Approved in the United States?
vclaim-sno-crosseyed-man-strangles-girlfriend	A visually impaired man strangled his girlfriend because she was unable to make eye contact with him.	Crosseyed Man Strangles Girlfriend
vclaim-sno-crow-rides-eagle	Photographs show a crow landing on and riding atop an eagle in flight.	Did This Crow Ride on the Back of an Eagle?
vclaim-sno-crowd-at-trump-july-4-event	A photograph shows a large crowd on the National Mall during U.S. President Donald Trump's 2019 Fourth of July event.	Does This Photo Show the Crowd at Trump’s 4th of July Event?
vclaim-sno-crowd-yelling-trump-family	"A TikTok video shows a crowd yelling ""pack yo shit"" at the Trump family."	Does Video Show Crowd Yelling “Pack Yo Shit” at Trump Family?
vclaim-sno-crowds-on-demand	In August 2017, a California crowd hire company provided actors for protests against a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Was a Crowd Hire Company Involved in Protests Against a White Supremacist Rally?
vclaim-sno-crown-jewels	Photograph shows Queen Elizabeth seated next to a colonel whose kilt was a little too revealing.	Crown Jewels
vclaim-sno-cruise-ship-dumps-waste	A photograph shows a cruise ship dumping human waste near a coastal city.	Is This a Picture of a Cruise Ship Dumping Human Waste Into the Ocean?
vclaim-sno-cruise-ship-lawsuit	As of August 2017, members of the public could potentially gain compensation as part of a class action lawsuit against major cruise companies.	Is There a Class Action Lawsuit for People Who Got Robocalls From Cruise Companies?
vclaim-sno-cruise-ship-pizza-warning	The Norwegian Cruise Line posted a message on one of their ships explaining that the open pizza bar was for consumption only and asked passengers to refrain from having sex with their lunches.	Were Cruise Ship Passengers Warned Not to Have Sex with Pizza?
vclaim-sno-cruise-ships-foreign-flags	Nearly all ships operated by U.S.-headquartered cruise lines are registered in foreign countries.	Are Most Cruise Ships Registered Under Foreign Flags?
vclaim-sno-cruise-your-daddy	An 18-year-old girl revealed she’s dating, and plans to marry, her biological father.	What It's Like to Date Your Dad
vclaim-sno-crushin-roulette	Two large trucks that had collided head-on are pulled apart weeks later, revealing that a Volkswagen Beetle and its occupants had been crushed between them.	Was a Volkswagen Beetle and Its Passengers Crushed Between Two Trucks?
vclaim-sno-cruz-beyonce-deport-tweet	Ted Cruz threatened on Twitter to deport Beyoncé due to her performance at Super Bowl 50.	No, Ted Cruz Did Not Threaten to Deport Beyoncé
vclaim-sno-cruz-castro-fake-photo	A photograph shows Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz hugging Fidel Castro.	Photo Shows Ted Cruz With Fidel Castro?
vclaim-sno-cruz-churchgoers-looters	"U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz criticized Democratic legislators for wanting to ""arrest"" churchgoers but not ""looters."""	Did Ted Cruz Say Democrats Wanted to ‘Arrest Churchgoers’ but Not ‘Looters’?
vclaim-sno-cruz-control-2	Rafael Cruz, father of Senator Ted Cruz, believes atheists should be separated from the devout and placed in special “camps.”	Ted Cruz&#39s Father Suggests Placing Atheists in Camps
vclaim-sno-cruz-control	Senator Ted Cruz went into a shouting tirade after a Hooters restaurant refused to accept his government expense account credit card.	Ted Cruz Erupts in Hooters After Expense-Account Master Card Refused
vclaim-sno-cruz-cookies	Ted Cruz said that veterans should start selling cookies in order to raise funds.	Ted Cruz: Vets Should Sell Cookies for Funding, Like Girl Scouts
vclaim-sno-cruz-no-gays-america	Ted Cruz said that there was 'no place for gays in my America.'	FALSE: Ted Cruz Said There Is ‘No Place for Gays’ in America
vclaim-sno-cruz-skeptical-scalia-death	Ted Cruz said that he was skeptical about the timing of Justice Scalia's death.	Ted Cruz Didn’t Say He Was Skeptical About the Timing of Scalia’s Death
vclaim-sno-cruzcare	President Obama signed an order that made Ted Cruz ineligible for Obamacare.	Is Ted Cruz Ineligible for Obamacare?
vclaim-sno-cry-baby	A serial killer is luring women from their homes by playing a recording of a crying baby.	‘Crying Baby’ Serial Killer Victim Lure
vclaim-sno-crystal-griner-steve-scalise	Crystal Griner, the officer who saved Steve Scalise, is a lesbian (and the congressman is anti-gay rights).	Crystal Griner and Steve Scalise
vclaim-sno-crystal-methodist-church-sign	"A photograph shows a church sign outside of Crystal Methodist in Effing, South Carolina, that reads ""Adultery is a sin. You can't have your Kate and Edith too."""	Is this Crystal Methodist Church Sign in Effing, SC, Real?
vclaim-sno-crystal-pyramid	Scientists found a crystal pyramid on the ocean's floor beneath the Bermuda Triangle.	Was a Crystal Pyramid Discovered in the Bermuda Triangle?
vclaim-sno-cs-lewis-quote-1942	"Author C. S. Lewis wrote a passage in ""The Screwtape Letters"" involving Satan wanting to ""shut down businesses"" and Jesus wanting to restore the family unit."	Is This a C. S. Lewis Quote from 1942?
vclaim-sno-cthulhu-rising	A photograph snapped during a tornado shows a Cthulhu-like tentacled figure in the sky.	Did a Tentacled Creature Appear in a Tornado?
vclaim-sno-cuba-cancer-vaccine	Researchers in Cuba have discovered a cancer vaccine that is already saving thousands of people.	Does Cuba Have a Cancer Vaccine That Has Already Cured Thousands?
vclaim-sno-cuban-on-trump	Mark Cuban praised Donald Trump for giving honest (not prepared) answers.	Mark Cuban on Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-cuban-refugees-clinging-to-air-force-one	As President Obama departed Cuba, dozens of prospective refugees clung to the wings of Air Force One.	Were Hundreds of Cuban Refugees Clinging to Air Force One on Flight Back to U.S.?
vclaim-sno-cue-balls	Joe Biden made a disrespectful remark to the father of a Navy SEAL killed in Libya.	Biden Made Disrespectful Joke to Father of Navy SEAL?
vclaim-sno-cuff-linked	A speeder caught by photo radar mails the police a picture of money to pay his fine, then receives a picture of handcuffs in return.	Handcuffs Photo
vclaim-sno-cum-park-plaza-photo	"An image shows a sign for the ""Cum Park Plaza"" shopping center."	Is ‘Cum Park Plaza’ a Real Place?
vclaim-sno-cummings-obama-records-sealed	"Rep. Elijah Cummings sponsored a bill intended to ""keep all of Barack Obama's records sealed."""	Did U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings Write a Bill to Keep All of Barack Obama’s Records Sealed?
vclaim-sno-cuomo-vaccine-bad-news-trump	"On Nov. 9, 2020, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said it was ""bad news"" that Pfizer had developed what appeared to be a successful COVID-19 vaccine, during U.S. President Donald Trump's tenure."	Did Gov. Cuomo Say It Was ‘Bad News’ Pfizer Vaccine Progress Came Under Trump?
vclaim-sno-cup-of-joe	"Coffee is sometimes referred to as a ""cup of joe"" because of Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels."	Why Is Coffee Called a ‘Cup of Joe’?
vclaim-sno-curb-your-enthusiasm-new-season	"""Curb Your Enthusiasm"" began filming its eleventh season in November 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic."	Was ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm’ Filming Season 11 During COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-currency-exchange-2	"President Obama has decreed that the phrase ""In God We Trust"" be removed from all U.S. currency."	‘In God We Trust’ to be Removed from U.S. Currency
vclaim-sno-currency-exchange	Images show new designs for American currency that the U.S. government is planning to introduce.	New U.S. Constitutional Currency
vclaim-sno-curved-fingernails-health-problems	'Clubbed' or curved fingernails are indicators of a serious underlying health issue.	Do Curved Fingernails Indicate Serious Health Problems?
vclaim-sno-customer-liability-for-chipped-card-emv-fraud	If you swipe a chipped card debit/credit at a point-of-sale terminal instead of inserting it into the reader, you become liable for any fraudulent transactions.	Customer Liability for Chipped Card (EMV) Fraud
vclaim-sno-customs-agents-bus-citizenship	Customs agents boarded a Greyhound bus and asked passengers for proof of citizenship.	Did Customs Agents Board a Bus in Florida Asking for Proof of Citizenship?
vclaim-sno-cut-homeless-people-in-half	"UK Conservatives posted signs vowing they would ""cut all homeless people in half' by 2025."	Did UK Conservatives Vow to ‘Cut All Homeless People in Half’?
vclaim-sno-cut-onions-contamination	Bacteria formed on cut onions and potatoes are responsible for more food poisoning cases than spoiled mayonnaise.	Cut Onions Contamination Warning
vclaim-sno-cut-to-the-encore	Aerosmith once decided to play their set list in reverse, then opened  a concert with their encore and mistakenly walked off the stage.	Aerosmith’s Memory Problems
vclaim-sno-cv19-vaccine-patented	A vaccine known as CV-19 that can track citizens was patented following secret meetings with Joe Biden in 2012.	Was a CV-19 Vaccine That Tracks Citizens Patented in 2012?
vclaim-sno-cvs-puerto-rican-drivers-license	A CVS drug store refused a customer's Puerto Rican driver's license when he was asked to show ID and demanded immigration papers.	Did CVS Refuse Customer’s Puerto Rican Driver’s License, Demand Citizenship Docs?
vclaim-sno-cvs-trump-2020-campaign	"The pharmacy-store chain CVS is a ""major donor"" to U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 reelection campaign."	Is CVS a Major Donor to Trump’s 2020 Reelection Campaign?
vclaim-sno-cvs	CVS pharmacy had an issue with an employee wearing ties bearing religious symbolism at one of their Virginia outlets.	CVS Bans Religious Symbols
vclaim-sno-cyber-bully-pulpit	Facebook is banning atheists from their social network to reduce cyberbullying.	Facebook to Ban Atheism from Their Social Network Over Cyber Bullying
vclaim-sno-cyber-monday	The Monday after Thanksgiving is the busiest online shopping day of the year in the United States.	Cyber Monday
vclaim-sno-cyberpunk-2077-refunds	PlayStation and Xbox announced that refunds would be available for customers who digitally purchased Cyberpunk 2077.	Can PlayStation and Xbox Players Get Refunds for Cyberpunk 2077?
vclaim-sno-cyclops-shark	Photographs show a one-eyed shark fetus.	Cyclops Shark
vclaim-sno-czechs-and-balances	Former Czech president Václav Klaus called the American people a 'confederacy of fools' for electing Barack Obama.	Confederacy of Fools
vclaim-sno-d-day-prayer	A Congressional bill sought to add FDR's D-Day prayer to the national World War II Memorial, but the Obama administration killed it.	Did Obama Prevent FDR’s D-Day Prayer from Being Added to the WWII Memorial?
vclaim-sno-da-vinci-last-words	"Leonardo da Vinci's dying words were ""I have offended God and mankind because my work did not reach the quality it should have."""	Are These Leonardo Da Vinci’s Surprising Last Words?
vclaim-sno-daca-hermilo-moralez-joshua-wilkerson	Joshua Wilkerson was murdered by an immigrant who was staying in the U.S. due to the DACA policy.	Was Joshua Wilkerson Murdered by a DACA Beneficiary?
vclaim-sno-dad-posted-picture-of-baby-holding-gun-on-facebook-just-before-she-shot-herself	A father posted a picture of his baby with a gun on Facebook just before he posted that he needed 911 because she shot herself.	Dad Posted Picture of Baby Holding Gun on Facebook Just Before She Shot Herself?
vclaim-sno-daddy-data-care	A father attempted to sell his toddler son on Craigslist to fund the purchase of a new Apple Watch.	Man Sells 4 Year Old Son on Craigslist for Money to Pre-Order Apple Watch
vclaim-sno-daddy-it-hurts	Poem and picture document a child abuse victim.	Daddy It Hurts
vclaim-sno-daddy-longlegs	"The daddy longlegs is the ""world's most poisonous animal."""	Daddy Longlegs Is the World’s Most Poisonous Animal?
vclaim-sno-daesh-of-our-lives	ISIS has been recruiting children in Indiana to join a group called ‘Daesh.’	ISIS Is Recruiting Children in Indiana?
vclaim-sno-daily-stormer-whitefish-montana	'The Daily Stormer' called for a retaliatory 'troll storm' against Jews in Whitefish, Montana, whom they accused of causing economic hardship to the parents of white supremacist Richard Spencer.	White Supremacist Web Site Calls for Online Attacks Against Jews in Whitefish, Montana
vclaim-sno-daisy-dog-rescued-911-survivors	A dog named Daisy rescued hundreds of people from the damaged World Trade Center towers on 9/11.	Did Daisy the Dog Rescue Hundreds of 9/11 Survivors?
vclaim-sno-daith-piercing-migraines	"A ""daith piercing"" can cure migraine headaches."	‘Daith Piercing’: A New Alternative for Migraine Relief?
vclaim-sno-dakota-access-pipeline-continuing-despite-denied-easement	Despite a decision that halted construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), Energy Transfer Partners continued to build it and accept a $50,000 daily fine.	Is the Dakota Access Pipeline Continuing Despite a Denied Easement?
vclaim-sno-dakota-lamb	Dakota Lamb’s hair was cut by bullies on a bus.	Dakota Lamb
vclaim-sno-dakota-meyer-banned	The Obama administration disinvited Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer from the Marine Corps' 241st birthday ball in Kabul, Afghanistan, because he criticized the President.	Medal of Honor Recipient Banned from Marine Corps Ball for Criticizing Obama?
vclaim-sno-dalai-gun	The Dalai Lama once said that if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you, it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.	Dalai Gun
vclaim-sno-dalai-lama-trump-worse-than-hitler	"The Dalai Lama described Donald Trump as ""worse than Hitler"" and a ""threat to humanity."""	Dalai Lama Says Trump Is ‘Worse Than Hitler’
vclaim-sno-dallas-copper-thieves	A graphic image set illustrates the gruesome fates of two copper thieves in Dallas.	Dallas Copper Bandits
vclaim-sno-dallas-jones-voter-fraud	A photograph shows Dallas Jones, a member of U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's campaign team, being arrested for voter fraud.	Was Biden Staffer Dallas Jones Arrested for Voter Fraud?
vclaim-sno-dallas-shooter-jeffrey-harris-harris	Neo-Nazi Jeffrey Harris was identified as the man who shot and killed several police officers at a protest in Dallas.	Dallas Shooter Not Identified as Neo-Nazi Jeffrey Harris
vclaim-sno-dalton-dingus	Christmas cards are requested for Dalton Dingus, a 9-year-old boy with cystic fibrosis.	Christmas Card Appeal: Dalton Dingus
vclaim-sno-dalton-gang	The Dalton (Georgia) police have warned local stores to be on the alert for gang initiation abductions.	Police Gang Warning – Dalton, Georgia
vclaim-sno-dammed-beavers	The state of Michigan threatened local beavers with a $10,000 per day fine for failing to remove their dams.	Michigan Threatens Beavers Over Dams?
vclaim-sno-dance-of-the-pope-virus-hoax	A cell phone virus is circulating disguised as a video called the 'Dance of the Pope.'	‘Dance of the Pope’ Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-dandelion-kills-cancer	Dandelion root can kill 98 percent of cancer cells in 48 hours.	Dandelion Root Kills 98% of Cancer Cells in 48 Hours?
vclaim-sno-dandridge-drained-pool	In the 1950s, a Las Vegas hotel completely drained their pool because black entertainer Dorothy Dandridge stuck her toe in the water.	Definitely Not Friends of Dorothy
vclaim-sno-dangerous-cosmic-gamma-rays	Dangerous cosmic rays will pass near Earth tonight, causing bodily harm if you keep personal electronics near you.	Will Dangerous Cosmic Rays Pass Close to Earth ‘Tonight’?
vclaim-sno-dangerous-waterspout-video	A video showing a massive, dangerous waterspout is real.	Is This Dangerous Waterspout Video Real?
vclaim-sno-dangers-dihydrogen-monoxide	Dihydrogen monoxide is a dangerous chemical that should be banned.	Is Dihydrogen Monoxide Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-daniel-best-suicide-foul-play	A medical examiner's conclusion that Health and Human Services drug pricing adviser Daniel Best died of multiple blunt force injuries contradicts the official ruling that he committed suicide.	Was HHS Drug Pricing Czar Daniel Best’s Death Ruled a Suicide Despite Evidence of Foul Play?
vclaim-sno-daniel-cameron-mcconnell	Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron is married to U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell's granddaughter.	Is Kentucky AG Daniel Cameron Married to Mitch McConnell’s Granddaughter?
vclaim-sno-daniel-lara-mugged-vans	"Internet celebrity ""Damn Daniel"" was mugged and robbed of his shoes."	Internet Celebrity Daniel Lara Wasn’t Mugged for His Shoes
vclaim-sno-daniel-radcliffe-coronavirus	"BBC News reported that actor Daniel Radcliffe was the ""first famous person"" to contract the coronavirus."	Does Daniel Radcliffe Have Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-daniel-radcliffe-is-chinese	"""Harry Potter"" creator J.K. Rowling revealed that lead film actor Daniel Radcliffe is Chinese."	‘Harry Potter’ Author JK Rowling Reveals Daniel Radcliffe Is Chinese?
vclaim-sno-daniel-somers	Transcript reproduces suicide note left by U.S. Army veteran Daniel Somers.	Daniel Somers Suicide Note
vclaim-sno-danita-marsh-petition	Petition seeks to persuade the television show	New House for Danita Marsh Petition
vclaim-sno-danney-williams-found-dead	Danney Williams, a 31-year-old man from Little Rock, Arkansas who has claimed to be President Bill Clinton's illegitimate son, has died.	Was Bill Clinton’s ‘Love Child’ Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-danny-trejo-passing	Actor Danny Trejo has passed away at age 74.	Danny Trejo Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-danske-bank-text-scam	"Law enforcement officials and Danske Bank are cautioning that a ""smishing"" scam is taking money directly out of people's bank accounts."	Are Danske Bank Customers Being Specifically Targeted Via Text?
vclaim-sno-dapl-routed-through-standing-rock-after-bismarck-residents-said-no	The Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) was re-routed through the Standing Rock Reservation after Bismarck's mostly-white residents refused to allow it near their water supply.	DAPL Routed Through Standing Rock After Bismarck Residents Said No?
vclaim-sno-darboy-walmart-abduction-warning	"A Darboy Walmart shopper encountered human traffickers using an unexpected menstrual period as a ruse, and a nearby police officer confirmed the interaction was a ""new trick"" used to abduct women."	Darboy Walmart Abduction Warning
vclaim-sno-dare-to-compare	An image contrasts radically different gun laws and homicide rates in Honduras and Switzerland.	Gun Ownership and Homicides in Honduras vs. Switzerland
vclaim-sno-daredevil-ride-motorcycle-lake-como	A video shows a man riding a motorcycle over Lake Como.	Did a Daredevil Ride a Motorcycle Across Lake Como?
vclaim-sno-daredevils-playing-tennis-airplane	A photograph shows two daredevils playing tennis on the wings of an airplane.	Are These Daredevils Playing Tennis on an Airplane?
vclaim-sno-dark-web-vaccines	COVID-19 vaccines are for sale on the dark web.	Can You Buy COVID-19 Vaccines on the Dark Web?
vclaim-sno-darkest-baby-world	"A photograph shows ""the darkest baby in the world."""	Is This the Darkest Baby in the World?
vclaim-sno-darkhorse-battalion	Prayers are requested for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan.	Prayer Request: Darkhorse Marine Battalion
vclaim-sno-darkwing-duck-returns-hoax	The animated show Darkwing Duck will return to television in 2018.	‘Darkwing Duck’ April Fool’s Day Joke Recirculates
vclaim-sno-darlings-democratic-party	A photograph shows four Democratic congresswomen posing with a portrait of Osama bin Laden and an ISIS flag.	Does This Photograph Show ‘Darlings of the Democrat Party’?
vclaim-sno-darrell-issa-avoid-protesters	"Rep. Darrell Issa ""hid"" on the roof of his California office to avoid protesters."	Did Rep. Darrell Issa ‘Hide’ on a Rooftop to Avoid Protesters?
vclaim-sno-darren-wilson-shot	Darren Wilson was shot by a group of white men outside a	Officer Darren Wilson Shot Outside of 7-Eleven In St. Louis
vclaim-sno-dasani-recalled-clear-parasite	Coca-Cola issued a recall of Dasani water products after a clear parasite was found in bottles across the United States.	Were Dasani Products Recalled Due to a ‘Clear Parasite’?
vclaim-sno-dashboarder-crossing	Photographs show a woman trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border hidden inside a car's dashboard.	Are These Photographs of a Border Crosser Hidden in a Dashboard?
vclaim-sno-datsuns-and-daughters	Hilarity ensues when a clueless car owner misreads the model name of the family car.	Misunderstood Car Names
vclaim-sno-daughter-fertilizes-eggs-with-fathers-sperm	A Danish woman fertilized her own eggs with the frozen sperm of her deceased father.	Daughter Fertilizes Own Eggs with Sperm of Deceased Father
vclaim-sno-dave-barrys-16-things	"E-mailed list features Dave Barry's ""16 Things It Took Me Over 50+ Years to Learn."""	Dave Barry’s 16 Things
vclaim-sno-dave-ramsey-cashless-society	"Radio host Dave Ramsey wrote a viral message warning about a ""cashless society."""	Did Dave Ramsey Warn About a ‘Cashless Society’?
vclaim-sno-dave-ramsey-stimulus-checks	"Financial adviser and radio host Dave Ramsey said he ""doesn't believe"" in stimulus checks to Americans because if you needed the money, ""you were pretty much screwed already."""	Did Dave Ramsey Say He Doesn’t Believe in Stimulus Checks Because if You Need Them ‘You Were Pretty Much Screwed Already’?
vclaim-sno-dave-ramsey-wake-up-america	American radio host Dave Ramsey wrote this viral Facebook post urging America to wake up.	Did Dave Ramsey Write This ‘Wake Up America’ Op-Ed?
vclaim-sno-david-allen	Prayers are needed for David Allen, a missionary serving in Thailand who is wasting away from an unknown disease.	David Allen Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-david-attenborough-israelis	"David Attenborough said that ""I am unaware of any animal that is as cruel as Israelis"" as part of a scathing attack on the country's treatment of the Palestinian people."	Did David Attenborough Say ‘I Am Unaware of Any Animal That Is as Cruel as Israelis’?
vclaim-sno-david-bowie-lemmy-photo	An image shows musicians David Bowie and Lemmy Kilmister together at a party.	Is This a Real Photograph of Bowie and Lemmy?
vclaim-sno-david-bowie-mtv-black-artists	In a 1983 interview with MTV, David Bowie asked a host why the television music channel did not feature more work by Black artists.	Did Bowie Ask MTV Why It Didn’t Play More Black Artists?
vclaim-sno-david-brooks-trump-needs-to-decide-if-he-prefers-to-resign-be-impeached-or-get-assassinated	New York Times columnist David Brooks said that Donald Trump needed to decide if he'd rather 'resign, be impeached, or get assassinated.'	David Brooks: ‘Trump Needs to Decide If He Prefers to Resign, Be Impeached or Get Assassinated’
vclaim-sno-david-clarke-military-medals	Milwaukee Sheriff David Clarke wears fake military medals.	Does Sheriff David Clarke Wear ‘Fake’ Military Medals?
vclaim-sno-david-hogg-attend-california-high-school	Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting survivor David Hogg went to high school in California, not Florida, and is an actor.	Did David Hogg Attend a California High School?
vclaim-sno-david-hogg-clear-backpack-rights	David Hogg stated that he believes that the enforced use of clear backpacks in school constitutes a violation of students' First Amendment rights, but he favors the abolition of the Second Amendment.	Did David Hogg Offer Contrasting Stances on the First and Second Amendments?
vclaim-sno-david-hogg-generations-before-us	David Hogg said that generations that came before his don't know what it's like to get shot at by AR-15s.	Did a Parkland Shooting Survivor Say ‘Generations Before Us Don’t Know What It’s Like to Be Shot at by AR-15s?’
vclaim-sno-david-hogg-give-nazi-salute	"David Hogg gave a Nazi salute at the end of his ""March for Our Lives"" speech."	Did David Hogg Give a Nazi Salute?
vclaim-sno-david-hogg-on-campus-rumor-hoax	Marjory Stoneman Douglas student David Hogg was caught lying about being on campus during a February 2018 school shooting when he told CBS that he had to get on his bicycle and ride to school.	Did David Hogg Lie About Being on Campus During Mass Shooting?
vclaim-sno-david-muir-married	ABC News anchor David Muir is married.	Is ABC News Anchor David Muir Married?
vclaim-sno-david-muir-partner-shirtless	ABC News anchor David Muir revealed his partner and posed shirtless.	Did David Muir ‘Reveal His Partner’ and Pose Shirtless?
vclaim-sno-david-nagy-obituary	"The obituary for David W. Nagy blamed his death on U.S. President Trump, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, and ""other politicians who did not take this pandemic seriously."""	Did Obituary Blame Trump for Man’s COVID-19 Death?
vclaim-sno-david-perdue-death-prayer-controversy	Sen. David Perdue advised attendees to offer up an ominous prayer aimed at President Obama during the 2016 Faith & Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority conference.	David Perdue Death Prayer
vclaim-sno-david-perdue-white-power-sign	"A photograph shows U.S. Sen. David Perdue making a ""white power"" gesture."	Was US Sen. David Perdue Photographed Making a ‘White Power’ Gesture?
vclaim-sno-david-wilkerson	The pastor of New York’s Times Square Church directed his church to prepare 2,000 sandwiches on	David Wilkerson Predicts Imminent Catastrophe
vclaim-sno-dawn-clorox-lethal	Dawn dish soap contains ammonia even though it's not listed as an ingredient, and when mixed with Clorox bleach products, the results could be lethal.	Could Mixing Dawn Dish Soap with Clorox Bleach Kill You?
vclaim-sno-dawn-wells-gilligans-residuals	"Actress Dawn Wells was the only ""Gilligan's Island"" cast member to receive residual payments for syndicated airings of the show."	Did Actress Dawn Wells Make Millions from ‘Gilligan’s Island’?
vclaim-sno-daycare-center-murals	Disney forced the removal of murals featuring their cartoon figures from the walls of three Florida day care centers.	Did Disney Demand the Removal of Cartoon Murals from Daycare Center Walls?
vclaim-sno-daylight-savings-apology	The official responsible for implementing Daylight Saving Time in Norway apologized to Norwegians for making 2020 one hour longer.	Did Daylight Saving Official Apologize for Making 2020 Longer?
vclaim-sno-dayonn-davis-lyle-burgess	The sentences handed down in two May 2018 criminal cases were widely disparate due to racial differences in the defendants.	Five Years in Prison for Stealing Sneakers, 90 Days’ House Arrest for Raping a Young Girl?
vclaim-sno-dayton-shooter-warren	Connor Betts, the suspect in the Dayton mass shooting in August 2019, has on social media described himself as a leftist, expressed “pro-Satan” views, and has stated support for Elizabeth Warren.	Was Dayton Mass Shooter a Self-Described ‘Pro-Satan Leftist Who Supported Elizabeth Warren’?
vclaim-sno-daytona-international-speedway-flooded	A photograph shows Daytona International Speedway flooded during Hurricane Matthew in October 2016.	Does This Picture Show Daytona International Speedway Flooded?
vclaim-sno-dc-comics-jesus-christ	DC Comics is publishing a series depicting Jesus Christ living with a superhero.	Is DC Comics Publishing a Series Depicting Jesus Christ?
vclaim-sno-dc-daycare-center-raided	"Police raided a daycare center in Washington, D.C., on suspicion that it was ""pimping children"" to ""high-society pedophiles."""	Was a Washington, D.C. Daycare Center Raided for ‘Pimping Children to Elite Pedophiles’?
vclaim-sno-dc-mayor-covid-order	Washington, D.C., Mayor Muriel Bowser ordered amenities in the city closed to prevent pro-Trump protesters from demonstrating on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did DC Mayor Shut Down Amenities To Prevent Electoral College Protesters from Gathering?
vclaim-sno-dca-cancer-cure	Researchers have found a simple cure for cancer, but major pharmaceutical companies are not interested because it isn't patentable.	Did Scientists Cure Cancer, But No One Took Notice?
vclaim-sno-de-coy-drunk	A sober patron staggers out of the bar at closing time to lure police away from his drunken friends.	Decoy Drunk
vclaim-sno-de-forest-moon-flight	"Lee de Forest, the ""father of radio,"" proclaimed that a man-made moon voyage will never occur."	Did the ‘Father of Radio’ Say Man Would Never Reach the Moon?
vclaim-sno-dead-air	A pet owner ships the body of a beloved animal by air; unknowing baggage handlers fear they’ve killed the animal and replace it with a live one.	Deceased Pet Replaced
vclaim-sno-dead-bigfoot-confirmed-at-elephant-butte-lake-nm	The corpse of a bigfoot was found at Elephant Butte Lake.	Dead Bigfoot Confirmed at Elephant Butte Lake, New Mexico?
vclaim-sno-dead-like-me	John Howard Griffin, the author of	Death of John Howard Griffin
vclaim-sno-dead-man-impregnates-woman	A female mortuary worker was arrested after becoming pregnant by one of the corpses she was preparing for burial.	Was a Morgue Worker Arrested After Giving Birth to a Dead Man’s Baby?
vclaim-sno-dead-mother-freezer	A 47-year-old Georgia man was arrested after keeping his deceased mother in the freezer for years.	Did a Man Freeze His Dead Mother for ‘Casual Sex’?
vclaim-sno-dead-peasant-insurance	"Large corporations routinely take out ""dead peasant"" life insurance policies on low-level employees to be paid out as executive bonuses."	Do Corporations Routinely Buy ‘Dead Peasant’ Insurance?
vclaim-sno-dead-person-voting-pennsylvania	A Pennsylvania man successfully cast a vote in his dead mother’s name for U.S. President Donald Trump during the 2020 presidential election.	Did a Dead Person End Up Voting in Pennsylvania?
vclaim-sno-dead-reckoning	A bank attempted to collect credit card service charges from dead customer.	Bank Charges from the Dead
vclaim-sno-dead-reporter-recording-clinton	"A reporter who was found dead mailed her lawyer a recording “to be played if anything happens to her."""	Did a Dead Reporter Mail Her Lawyer an ‘Open If Something Happens to Me’ Recording of Bill Clinton?
vclaim-sno-dead-ringer-2	The producers of the	Death of the Lone Ranger
vclaim-sno-dead-ringer	The technician responsible for the lighting failure during the opening ceremonies at Sochi was found dead.	Dead Ringer
vclaim-sno-dead-stupid	Thief who tries to rob a gun shop is shot dead by those in the store.	Gun Shop Robber
vclaim-sno-deadliest-days-usa-history	"As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, four of the eight ""deadliest days in American history"" took place in the first week of December 2020."	Did 4 of the ‘Deadliest Days in American History’ Occur in December 2020?
vclaim-sno-deadly-chase-down	Gang initiates are attempting to force cars off roads in order to murder the occupants.	Gang Initiation by Chase Down
vclaim-sno-deadly-crash-kills-two-moms-five-kids	A recent fiery automobile accident claim the lives of two mothers and five children as two fathers tried desperately to save them.	Fake News: Deadly Crash Kills Two Moms, Five Kids
vclaim-sno-deadly-hr3211-virus-louisville-kentucky	"The University of Louisville Hospital confirmed the deaths of 16 people from a rare strain of the ""HR3211 virus."""	Did an Outbreak of a Deadly ‘HR3211 Virus’ Occur in Louisville, Kentucky?
vclaim-sno-deadly-imaginings	A man locked in an unplugged freezer imagined himself freezing to death and died as a result.	Man Dies of Hypothermia in an Unplugged Freezer
vclaim-sno-deadly-kilowatt	The governor of Florida asked residents to reduce their electrical usage during Ted Bundy's execution.	Were People Asked to Conserve Electricity for Ted Bundy’s Execution?
vclaim-sno-deadly-playground	Razor blades were discovered glued to playground equipment in a public park.	Razor Blades Found in Playground Equipment
vclaim-sno-deadly-pullover	Gang initiates flash their headlights to get cars to pull over in order to murder their occupants.	Flashing Headlights Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-dean-koontz-predicted-coronavirus	"Author Dean Koontz predicted the 2020 new coronavirus outbreak in his 1981 novel ""The Eyes of Darkness."""	Was Coronavirus Predicted in a 1981 Dean Koontz Novel?
vclaim-sno-deanna-lorraine-kenosha-shooter	GOP congressional candidate DeAnna Lorraine tweeted praise for accused Kenosha shooter Kyle Rittenhouse.	Did a GOP Candidate Tweet Praise for Accused Kenosha Shooter?
vclaim-sno-dear-diary-2	The Alicia Keys song “Diary” prompted a deluge of calls to her old phone number.	Dear Diary
vclaim-sno-dear-rich-bastard	"A test message slipped into a live mailing, resulting in prospective customers receiving letters that greeted them with the salutation ""Dear Rich Bastard."""	‘Dear Rich Bastard’ Letter
vclaim-sno-dearborn-michigan-pro-isis-rally	"A photograph depicts a ""pro-ISIS rally"" held in Dearborn, Michigan, in December 2015."	Does a Photograph Show a ‘Pro-ISIS Rally’ in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-death-addle	A dying black veteran named William G. Lillas spoke out on his deathbed about a number of issues in black culture.	An Old Black Vet Speaks Out
vclaim-sno-death-and-advertising	Singer Mark McGrath was shot and killed by a masked gunman on the set of	Mark McGrath Shooting Hoax
vclaim-sno-death-hoax-celine-dion-crash	Singer Celine Dion died in a plane crash in November 2019.	No, Celine Dion Didn’t Die in a Plane Crash
vclaim-sno-death-of-elisa-lam	A young woman named Elisa Lam disappeared under mysterious circumstances in Los Angeles, her body later found in a hotel's water tank.	The Strange Death of Elisa Lam
vclaim-sno-death-of-houdini	Escape artist Harry Houdini died from a ruptured appendix caused by his being punched in the stomach.	Did Houdini Die from a Punch to the Stomach?
vclaim-sno-death-of-leelah-alcorn	A transgender teenage girl, Leelah Alcorn, committed suicide and left a note explaining why on her Tumblr.	Death of Leelah Alcorn
vclaim-sno-death-penalty-abortion-texas	House Bill 896, considered by the Texas House of Representatives in 2019, would have the effect of making abortion punishable by death.	Are Texas Legislators ‘Considering the Death Penalty for Women Who Have Abortions’?
vclaim-sno-death-penalty	A daughter expressed her not-so-warm feelings about her deceased mother by running a scathing and caustic obituary.	Death Be Not Proud
vclaim-sno-death-row-inmate-igor-hamilton	Death row prisoner Igor Hamilton was set free after surviving lethal injection three times.	Was Death Row Prisoner Igor Hamilton Set Free After Thrice Surviving Lethal Injection?
vclaim-sno-death-rush-limbaugh-al-baghdadi	A viral meme used actual headlines and verbiage pulled from news coverage of the February 2021 death of Rush Limbaugh and the 2019 death of Islamic State group leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to make a point about media bias.	Are These Real Headlines Describing the Deaths of Rush Limbaugh and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi?
vclaim-sno-death-spiral	Chart shows eleven “death spiral” states where more people are on welfare than are employed.	Death Spiral
vclaim-sno-death-takes-a-powder	An actor whose character had been killed during a live television production suddenly got up and walked off-stage.	Dead Character Walks Off Stage
vclaim-sno-debate-secret-hand-signals	Hillary Clinton and moderator Lester Holt rigged the first presidential debate by communicating via secret hand signals.	Hillary Clinton Used Hand Signals to Rig Debate?
vclaim-sno-debbie-shwartz	AOL is donating 15¢ for every 12 forwards of a plea from Debbie Shwartz, a single mother of four.	Debbie Shwartz
vclaim-sno-debby-ryan-heart-attack	Debby Ryan had a heart attack after learning that her former co-star Cameron Boyce had passed away.	Did Debby Ryan Have a Heart Attack?
vclaim-sno-deblasio-nicaragua-warren-wilhelm	"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio was previously named ""Warren Wilhelm Jr."" and once supported the socialist government of the Sandinistas in Nicaragua."	Did NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Once Support the Sandinista Govt. in Nicaragua?
vclaim-sno-decalcification	Photograph shows a truck in Texas bearing an anti-Obama decal.	Most Racist Decal Ever
vclaim-sno-deceased-fbi-agent-found-at-trump-tower-with-silenced-pistol	The NYPD captured a supposedly deceased FBI agent breaking into Trump Tower with a silenced pistol.	Deceased FBI Agent Found at Trump Tower with Silenced Pistol
vclaim-sno-deck-of-cards	Soldier uses a deck of cards to help him pray.	Deck of Cards Prayer
vclaim-sno-declaration-of-financial-independence	A lucky bargain hunter became a millionaire after finding an original print of the Declaration of Independence in the frame of an old painting.	Declaration of Independence Find
vclaim-sno-declaration-of-non-dependents	Several million fewer dependents were claimed on federal income tax returns the year the IRS started requiring taxpayers to list the Social Security numbers of their children.	Disappearing Dependents
vclaim-sno-declared-deaths	Disney can legitmately claim that no one has ever died at one of their theme parks, because they always ensure that accident victims are removed from park property before being declared dead.	Does No One Ever Die at Disney Parks?
vclaim-sno-deep-freeze	A global warming activist froze to death in Antarctica.	Global Warming Activist Freezes to Death in Antarctica
vclaim-sno-deep-underground	A Chinese coal miner was recently found alive in an abandoned mine 17 years after he had been trapped inside it by an earthquake.	Was a Chinese Miner Found Alive After 17 Years Underground?
vclaim-sno-deepest-hole-earth-fossil	The deepest hole on Earth was sealed after finding a fossil that is 2 billion years old.	Was The ‘Deepest Hole on Earth’ Sealed After Finding ‘2 Billion Year Old Fossil’?
vclaim-sno-deer-crossing	Letter to the editor advocates moving a “Deer Crossing” sign to a road with less traffic.	Deer Crossing
vclaim-sno-deerfield-assault-weapons-ban	Officials in the village of Deerfield, Illinois passed an ordinance banning assault weapons.	Did an Illinois Suburb Enact a Ban on Assault Weapons?
vclaim-sno-defaced-abolitionist-statue	Persons protesting the police-custody death of George Floyd defaced a statue of an abolitionist in Philadelphia.	Did George Floyd Protesters Deface the Statue of an Abolitionist?
vclaim-sno-defcon-warning-level-escalated-to-3	"The U.S.  defense readiness alert level was quietly raised to ""DEFCON 3"" in mid-June 2016."	DEFCON Warning Level Escalated to 3
vclaim-sno-defense-ministers-photo	A photograph shows four female defense ministers from Norway, Sweden, Netherlands and Germany and a male defense minister from Russia.	Are These the Defense Ministers of Norway, Sweden, Netherlands, Germany and Russia?
vclaim-sno-definition-of-trumpery	"The English word ""trumpery,"" which derives from a French word meaning ""to deceive,"" is defined in the dictionary as ""showy but worthless."""	The Definition of ‘Trumpery’
vclaim-sno-defunded-police-nuclear-submarine	A defunded police department in Montana was forced to sell their nuclear submarine.	Did a Defunded Police Department Sell Off Its Nuclear Submarine?
vclaim-sno-degrasse-tyson-robbed-a-dope-dealer-in-harlem	"Neil DeGrasse Tyson said his interest in ""astrological [physics]"" stemmed from his experience stealing and consuming large quantities of LSD as a young teen in Harlem."	DeGrasse Tyson Robbed ‘a Dope Dealer in Harlem’
vclaim-sno-degree-of-difficulty	"A particular college course of study was labeled ""the toughest"" by the Guinness Book of World Records."	What Is the Toughest College Degree?
vclaim-sno-deja-roo	A stunned animal dressed up for a photo gains revenge on his tormentors.	The Gucci Kangaroo
vclaim-sno-delaware-cemetery-begins-exhuming-bodies-confederate-soldiers	A cemetery in Delaware, Ohio, is exhuming the bodies of confederate soldiers and relocating them to a nearby dump.	Ohio Cemetery Begins Exhuming Bodies of Confederate Soldiers?
vclaim-sno-delayed-grantification	Ulysses S. Grant once handed out an exploding cigar that paid off decades later.	U.S. Grant’s Exploding Cigar Practical Joke
vclaim-sno-delegation-afghanistan-familes	In January 2019, a planned congressional delegation to visit Belgium, Egypt and Afghanistan included 93 family relatives of Congress members.	Did a Planned Congressional Delegation to Afghanistan Include 93 Family Members?
vclaim-sno-deleted-tamir-rice-photo	Photograph depicts 12-year-old shooting victim Tamir Rice brandishing what appears to be two guns.	Deleted Tamir Rice Photo
vclaim-sno-delivery-courier-scam	A scammer used debit card information gleaned during delivery of unordered 'gifts' to make unauthorized ATM withdrawals.	Delivery Courier Scam
vclaim-sno-delivery-driver-commits-suicide-destroying-childrens-christmas	A FedEx driver committed suicide after crashing and destroying hundreds of Christmas presents.	Delivery Driver Commits Suicide After Destroying Children’s Christmas?
vclaim-sno-delta-airlines-ticket-scam	Delta Air Lines Delta is giving away free boxes with first-class air travel tickets and $10,000 in cash to those who follow online links.	Delta First Class Gift Boxes Scam
vclaim-sno-delta-force-biden-ukraine	Delta Force raided U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's compound in Ukraine.	Did Delta Force Raid Biden’s Compound in Ukraine?
vclaim-sno-delta-force-raids-obama-stronghold-thailand	Delta Force operators raided President Barack Obama's stronghold in Thailand on Christmas Day 2017.	Did Delta Force Operators Raid an ‘Obama Stronghold’ in Thailand?
vclaim-sno-delta-unions	A flier that encouraged Delta employees to buy a video game console rather than paying union dues was authentic and created by Delta Air Lines.	Did Delta Air Lines Encourage Employees to Buy Video Game Consoles Instead of Joining a Union?
vclaim-sno-dem-party-logo-white-supremacy	"The official logo of the Alabama Democratic Party, adopted in 1904 and not replaced until 1966, featured an illustration of a crowing rooster and the slogan ""White Supremacy, For the RIght."""	Did a State Democratic Party Logo Once Feature the Slogan ‘White Supremacy’?
vclaim-sno-dementor-figure-in-sky	A 'Harry Potter Dementor' figure was photographed above a shopping center in Zambia.	Does a Photograph Show a Dementor-Like Figure in the Sky?
vclaim-sno-demi-lovato-death	Singer and actress Demi Lovato passed away in August 2018.	Demi Lovato Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-demi-moore-trump-supporters	Actress Demi Moore proclaimed that she doesn't want Trump supporters for fans.	Did Demi Moore Say ‘I Do Not Want Trump Supporters for Fans’?
vclaim-sno-demilitarized-buffer	An Army recruit who tries to commit suicide using a floor buffer fails and is charged for damage to the buffer.	Army Floor Buffer Suicide
vclaim-sno-demo-of-new-football-helmet	A video shows an explosives test of the then-newly developed football helmet.	Does This Video Show an Explosives Test of an Early Football Helmet?
vclaim-sno-democrat-principal-defecates-in-front-of-students-during-pledge-of-allegiance	A principal in Springfield, Ohio, was arrested for defecating on his desk during the Pledge of Allegiance.	Democrat Principal Defecates In Front Of Students During Pledge Of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-democrat-shooters-list	A meme accurately lists Democrats who have been involved in assassinations, assassination attempts, or mass shootings.	Is This List of Democratic Shooters Accurate?
vclaim-sno-democrat-white-house-nba	Democratic presidential candidates have only won the White House in years that an Eastern Conference team has also won the NBA Championship.	Presidential Elections Linked to Eastern Conference NBA Championships
vclaim-sno-democratic-congressmen-busted-planning-assassinate-trump	"Two Democratic Party congressmen were arrested for ""plotting to murder the president."""	Were Democratic Congressmen Busted for Planning to Assassinate Trump?
vclaim-sno-democratic-party-holding-emergency-meeting-to-discuss-replacing-hillary-clinton	The Democratic National Committee is meeting to consider replacing presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.	Democratic Party Holding Emergency Meeting to Discuss Replacing Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-democratic-senators-pass-bills-rate	A text-based meme accurately portrays various Democrat politicians' success rate at passing legislation.	Do Sens. Warren, Booker, Harris and Sanders Pass Fewer Bills Than Other Senators?
vclaim-sno-democrats-campaign-nude	A photograph shows three naked women campaigning for Democrats during the 2018 midterm elections.	Does This Photograph Show Democrats Campaigning in the Nude?
vclaim-sno-democrats-celebrate-shutdown	Prominent Democrats took part in a “shutdown party” which included copious amounts of both Dom Perignon champagne and cocaine:	Were Democrats ‘Up All Night Doing Blow’ with Obama to Celebrate Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-democrats-college-immigrants	Democratic legislators passed a bill to fund college for undocumented immigrants using taxpayer money.	Did Democrats Pass a Bill That Funds College for ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Using Taxpayer Money?
vclaim-sno-democrats-demand-kavanaugh-dna-test	During confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, congressional Democrats demanded that the nominee undergo DNA testing to prove he is not Adolf Hitler.	Did Democrats Demand That Brett Kavanaugh Submit to a DNA Test to Prove He’s Not Actually Hitler?
vclaim-sno-democrats-elected-four-people	Democrats elected a domestic abuser, a woman who married her brother, a man who hired underage prostitutes, and a woman who is dumber than a salamander.	Did Democrats Elect Four Horrible People?
vclaim-sno-democrats-file-treason-charges-against-trump	Democrats have filed treason charges against President-elect Donald Trump, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Rudy Giuliani.	Democrats File Treason Charges Against Trump
vclaim-sno-democrats-free-cars-immigrants	Democrats want to give free cars to undocumented immigrants.	Do Democrats Want to Give Free Cars to Undocumented Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-democrats-giddy-covid	"An anonymous person witnessed Democratic legislators in Washington, D.C., ""giddy"" over the economic fallout during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic."	Are Democratic Legislators ‘Giddy’ Over COVID-19 Economic Fallout?
vclaim-sno-democrats-in-italy	In July 2019, U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings was in Venice, Italy, with other Democratic lawmakers.	Did U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings Dine Lavishly in Italy With House Democrats?
vclaim-sno-democrats-indictment-for-coup	Three leading democrats are facing indictment for orchestrating a coup d'etat.	Are 3 U.S. Democrats Facing Indictment for Orchestrating a Coup d’etat?
vclaim-sno-democrats-masks-barrett-hearing	A photograph shows three U.S. Democratic senators in close proximity to one another and not wearing masks during Supreme Court nominee Amy Coney Barrett's confirmation hearing.	Did These Democrats Not Wear Masks at Barrett’s Hearing?
vclaim-sno-democrats-masks-lewis-funeral	A photograph shows maskless Democrats at the funeral of U.S. Rep. John Lewis in July 2020.	Did Democrats Fail To Wear Masks at John Lewis’ Funeral?
vclaim-sno-democrats-medicare-tax-plan	U.S. Democrats announced a plan for a 42% sales tax to pay for Medicare for All.	Did Democrats Unveil a Plan for a 42% Sales Tax to Pay for Medicare for All?
vclaim-sno-democrats-nuclear-weapons	Because of U.S. President Joe Biden's mental fitness, more than 30 U.S. House Democrats issued a letter on Feb. 22, 2021, asking him to give up his authority as the only American who can launch nuclear weapons.	Did Dems Ask Biden To Relinquish Control of Nuclear Weapons?
vclaim-sno-democrats-puerto-rico-shutdown	"Democratic Party lawmakers were ""partying"" at a Puerto Rican retreat scheduled in the middle of the partial federal government shutdown."	Were U.S. Democratic Lawmakers ‘Partying’ in Puerto Rico During the Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-democrats-real-names	A list offers several examples of Democratic politicians who have concealed their 'real names' from the public.	Have Prominent Democrats Concealed Their ‘Real’ Names from the Public?
vclaim-sno-democrats-sharia-law	Congressional Democrats attempted to implement Sharia law by enacting House Resolution 569, a condemnation of violence and bigotry against Muslims.	House Democrats Strike to Implement Sharia Law
vclaim-sno-democrats-shutdown-coup	Barack Obama, George Soros, and other Democrats were involved in a plot to stage a military coup in conjunction with a government shutdown.	Did Obama, Soros, and Democrats Order a Government Shutdown to Stage a Coup?
vclaim-sno-democrats-socialist-party-poster	A Democratic National Committee tweet included an altered version of a Socialist party's poster	Did Democrats Tweet an Altered Version of a Socialist Party Poster?
vclaim-sno-democrats-stand-seal-widow	Democrats Bernie Sanders, Keith Ellison, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and Nancy Pelosi refused to stand and clap for Navy SEAL widow Carryn Owens during a presidential speech.	Did Democrats Refuse to Stand for a Navy SEAL’s Widow?
vclaim-sno-democrats-supreme-court-influenced-constitution	"In June 2018, three Democratic senators called for Supreme Court nominees to not be ""unduly influenced"" by the U.S. Constitution."	Did Senate Democrats Call for Supreme Court Nominees to Ignore the U.S. Constitution?
vclaim-sno-democrats-under-god-pledge	"The Democratic National Convention omitted the phrase ""under God"" from the Pledge of Allegiance in 2020."	Did Democrats Omit ‘Under God’ from the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-democrats-vote-cola	All the Congressional Democrats voted against a 2.8 percent Social Security cost of living allowance.	Did All Democrats Vote Against a 2.8 Percent Social Security COLA Increase?
vclaim-sno-democrats-voting-twice-maryland	During the November 2018 midterm elections, Democrats were allowed to vote more than once at a polling place in Hagerstown, Maryland.	Were Democrats Allowed to Vote Twice in Maryland’s Midterm Election?
vclaim-sno-demolition-derby	The Gateway Arch in St. Louis is slated for demolition in early 2015.	St. Louis Arch Scheduled for Demolition Early Fall 2015
vclaim-sno-dems-border-security-hearing	Not a single Democrat was present during a U.S. Senate hearing on border security in April 2019.	Were Democrats Absent from a U.S. Senate Hearing on Border Security?
vclaim-sno-dems-flags-half-mast-soleimani	Democrats called for flags to be flown at half-mast to grieve the killing of Iran Gen. Qassem Soleimani by a U.S. drone.	Did Dems Call For Flags to Be Flown at Half-Mast for Soleimani?
vclaim-sno-dems-immigrants-vets-health	In September 2019, U.S. House Democrats voted for a bill that would create an electronic health record system for immigrants on the southern border which does not yet exist for military veterans.	Did Democrats Vote to Give Immigrants Better Health-Record System Than Vets?
vclaim-sno-dems-impeach-gop-presidents	The Democratic party has tried to impeach every Republican president since Dwight D. Eisenhower.	Have Democrats Tried to Impeach Every GOP President Since Ike?
vclaim-sno-dems-indictments-barr-query	A first round of Democrat indictments from the Barr investigation is coming tomorrow.	No, The First Round of Dem Indictments from Barr Investigation Is Not Coming ‘Tomorrow’
vclaim-sno-dems-ukraine-trump-investigate	"Democratic senators “sent a letter to the prosecutor in Ukraine” in 2018 asking him to ""investigate Trump.”"	Did Dems Write to Ukrainians in 2018 Asking Them to ‘Investigate Trump’?
vclaim-sno-denaturalization-task-force	"A new U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services task force is charged with identifying naturalized citizens who cheated on their applications and seeking the revocation of their citizenship, a process known as ""denaturalization."""	Has the Trump Administration Launched an Immigrant ‘Denaturalization’ Task Force?
vclaim-sno-denis-voronenkov-paul-manafort	Russian dissident Denis Voronenkov, who was gunned down in March 2017, was slated to testify against former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort in a treason trial in Ukraine.	Was a Murdered Russian Ex-Politician to Testify Against Paul Manafort in Treason Trial?
vclaim-sno-denmark-social-memes	A pair of memes accurately describes the benefits and downside of the social system in Denmark.	Dueling Memes Debate Denmark’s Social Infrastructure
vclaim-sno-denmark-tv-show-giant-penis	A Danish television network released a children’s show about a man with the world’s longest penis, who overcomes hardships and challenges with his massive genitals.	Does Denmark Have a Real Children’s TV Show About a Man With a Giant Penis?
vclaim-sno-dennis-the-menace	The portrayal of a black character in a Dennis the Menace cartoon prompted outbursts of violence and apologies from newspapers that published it.	Dennis the Menace
vclaim-sno-dennys-waitress-assaulted-by-muslims	Muslims assaulted a Denny's waitress for serving bacon during the holy month of Ramadan.	Denny’s Waitress Assaulted by Muslims for Serving Bacon During Ramadan
vclaim-sno-dentist-fellatio	A dentist is capable of determining if you have performed fellatio.	Can a Dentist Tell If You’ve Given Head?
vclaim-sno-denver-airport-masked	An image shows a mural painted in 1994 at Denver International Airport that shows citizens of the world wearing masks.	Does a 1994 Denver Airport Mural Show a Masked Global Population?
vclaim-sno-denver-public-urination	The Denver City Council recently legalized public urination and defecation.	Did the City of Denver Legalize Public Urination and Defecation?
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-death-hoax	Actor Denzel Washington was killed in a drive-by shooting in New York.	Denzel Washington Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-democratic-party	"U.S. actor Denzel Washington left the Democratic party because he ""had it with the lies."""	Did Denzel Washington Leave the Democratic Party Because He ‘Had It with the Lies’?
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-meryl-streep	Denzel Washington criticized Meryl Streep for making a political speech during the 2017 Golden Globes award ceremony.	Did Denzel Washington Criticize Meryl Streep?
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-obama-criminal-in-chief	"Denzel Washington referred to former United States President Barack Obama as the ""criminal-in-chief."""	Did Denzel Washington Once Call Obama the ‘Criminal-In-Chief?’
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-police-state	"Actor Denzel Washington said electing President Trump saved the U.S. from becoming an ""Orwellian police state."""	Did Denzel Washington Say Trump’s Election Saved Us From an ‘Orwellian Police State’?
vclaim-sno-denzel-washington-switches-trump	Actor Denzel Washington announced he is switching his support to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.	Denzel Washington Switches to Trump
vclaim-sno-deodorant-challenge-sweeping-schools-playgrounds	"The ""Deodorant Challenge"" is ""sweeping"" schools and playgrounds as of May 2018."	Is the Deodorant Challenge ‘Sweeping’ Schools and Playgrounds?
vclaim-sno-department-of-homeland-security	Two Muslims hold positions in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.	Muslims Appointed to Department of Homeland Security?
vclaim-sno-department-of-justice-request-disruptj20	The United States Department of Justice is attempting to seize the information of every person who ever visited the anti-trump website disruptj20.org.	Did the Department of Justice Request Detailed Information About All Visitors to an Anti-Trump Website?
vclaim-sno-department-of-justice-says-efforts-to-stop-voter-fraud-are-illegal	The Department of Justice says that attempting to document or report voter fraud is against federal law.	Department of Justice Says Efforts to Stop Voter Fraud Are Illegal?
vclaim-sno-department-store-sex-trafficking	A teenaged girl was drugged and nearly abducted in a Dillard's department store by fellow teens working on behalf of sex traffickers.	Department Store Sex Trafficking Rumor
vclaim-sno-deport-native-americans-india	President Trump tweeted that Native Americans should be deported back to India.	Trump Wants to Deport American Indians to India?
vclaim-sno-deported-veterans-photo	A photograph shows a group of deported U.S. veterans in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juárez.	Does This Photograph Show a Group of Deported U.S. Veterans?
vclaim-sno-deputy-muslim-refugees	A law enforcement officer in Texas was shot and killed by '3 Muslim refugee' [sic]	Was a Texas County Deputy Killed by Muslim Refugees?
vclaim-sno-deputy-praying-scrutiny	The San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department was put under scrutiny for posting a photograph of a deputy praying before his shift.	Was the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department Scrutinized After Posting a Photograph of a Deputy Praying?
vclaim-sno-deray-mckesson-and-the-summer-of-chaos	"Hacked Twitter DMs reveal that activist DeRay Mckesson planned a ""summer of chaos"" involving protests and riots with Attorney General Loretta Lynch."	DeRay Mckesson and the Summer of Chaos
vclaim-sno-deray-mckesson-tweet-chicago	"Civil rights activist DeRay Mckesson made and quickly deleted a tweet in which he said he had ""no problem"" with a contemporaneous viral Facebook Live crime in Chicago."	Did DeRay Mckesson Tweet and Delete Disregard for ‘Facebook Live’ Incident in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-derek-chauvin-flyer-accuracy	A flyer circulating on the internet accurately describes the career of ex-Minneapolis police Officer Derek Chauvin.	Does This Flyer Accurately Represent Derek Chauvin’s Police Actions?
vclaim-sno-derek-chauvin-suicide	Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin committed suicide in his prison cell.	Did Derek Chauvin Commit Suicide in Prison?
vclaim-sno-derek-wyatt	U.S. Marine Corporal Derek Wyatt was killed in Afghanistan just before his wife gave birth to a son.	Derek Wyatt
vclaim-sno-derisive-snort	When tipped on its side, Coca-Cola’s distinctive script logo shows a figure snorting a line of cocaine, and this image was deliberately placed there by the artist as a sly reference to the product’s containing cocaine.	Coca-Cola Cocaine Snorting Logo
vclaim-sno-dermophis-donaldtrumpi-amphibian-trump	"A newly discovered species of amphibian was named ""Dermophis donaldtrumpi"" as an unflattering reference to the U.S. President."	Was a Newly-Discovered Species of Amphibian Given the Name ‘Dermophis Donaldtrumpi’?
vclaim-sno-dershowitz-appalled-at-pelosi	"Alan Dershowitz said he was ""appalled at"" Pelosi for ""weaponizing the criminal justice system."""	Did Alan Dershowitz Say He Was ‘Appalled’ at Nancy Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-dershowitz-nixon-gang-dc	"Alan Dershowitz once said he was ""not happy seeing Nixon's gang being tried by blacks and liberals"" in D.C."	Did Dershowitz Say He Was ‘Not Happy Seeing Nixon’s Gang Being Tried by Blacks and Liberals’?
vclaim-sno-desantis-biden-go-fuck-yourself	"Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis reacted to possible COVID-19 travel restrictions by telling U.S. President Joe Biden, ""Go fuck yourself"" during a February 2021 conference call."	No, Gov. DeSantis Didn’t Tell Biden ‘Go F— Yourself’
vclaim-sno-desert-meteor	A video clip shows a meteorite striking a pickup truck in the desert.	Meteorite Strikes a Pickup Truck in the Desert!
vclaim-sno-desk-job	"Photograph shows President Obama ""desecrating"" the Oval Office by unprecedentedly placing his feet on his desk."	Photograph Shows President Obama with His Feet on Oval Office Desk?
vclaim-sno-desk-jockey	President Richard M. Nixon used the wrong “Wilson desk” in the White House.	The Wilson Desk
vclaim-sno-desk-jockeyed	A teacher imparted a lesson in the value of freedom by having veterans return her students' desks.	A Lesson in Freedom: Veterans Return Students’ Desks
vclaim-sno-detained-children-pledge-of-allegiance	Immigrant children separated from their parents and held in detention centers around the country are required in some cases to recite the Pledge of Allegiance daily.	Are Detained Immigrant Children Required to Recite the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-detergent-pods-warning	Detergent pods eventually cause the clogging of household drains, leading to expensive repair bills.	Do Detergent Pods Clog Drains?
vclaim-sno-detroit-firefighter-watermelon-fired	A Detroit firefighter was fired for behavior deemed offensive and racially insensitive after bringing a watermelon to work on his first day on the job.	Was a Detroit Firefighter Fired for Bringing a Watermelon to His Station?
vclaim-sno-detroit-slums	Photograph shows Detroit slums with downtown skyscrapers in the background.	Detroit Slums
vclaim-sno-detroit-voter-roll-lawsuit	A graphic from a Fox 2 Detroit news report listed serious voter registration issues pertaining to the 2020 U.S. general election.	Did a Fox 2 Detroit Report Expose Voter Fraud in the 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-detroit-wagon-ballots	A video captures a ballot box being furtively delivered to a Detroit counting center under cover of darkness.	This Video Does Not Show a Ballot Box Being Sneaked Into a Detroit Counting Facility
vclaim-sno-detroit	Frosty Wooldridge penned an opinion piece about the decline of Detroit.	Frosty Wooldridge — Detroit
vclaim-sno-deutsche-bank-tweet	"Deutsche Bank ""funded"" Auschwitz, Donald Trump, Jeffery Epstein, and ISIS."	Did Deutsche Bank Fund Auschwitz, Trump, Jeffrey Epstein, and ISIS?
vclaim-sno-devastating-snowfall-predicted-nw-montana-early-2018	"Meteorologists predicted a ""devastating snowfall"" for parts of Montana in early 2018."	Devastating Snowfall Predicted For NW Montana In Early 2018?
vclaim-sno-devils-do	Michele Bachmann is calling for a ban on Halloween because “the holiday is based in Satanism.”	Michele Bachmann Wants to Ban Halloween?
vclaim-sno-devin-nunes-wine-russia	"Devin Nunes' financial wealth is invested in a wine company with ""strong ties"" to Russia."	Is Devin Nunes Invested in a Wine Company That Does Business in Russia?
vclaim-sno-devon-ward	A 14-year-old boy named Devon Ward is missing from his Horseheads, New York, home.	Missing Child: Devon Ward
vclaim-sno-devos-40-percent-more-than-half	Betsy DeVos said that a 40 percent approval rating meant that President Trump had the support of more than half the country.	Did Betsy DeVos Say ’40 Percent’ Means ‘More Than Half’?
vclaim-sno-devos-family-campaign-contributions	Betsy DeVos and her family contributed millions of dollars to the campaigns of Republican candidates.	DeVos Family Campaign Contributions
vclaim-sno-devos-only-student-deaths	"In July 2020, U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said ""only"" .02% of the country's K-12 school students — totaling 14,740 children and teens — are likely to die from COVID-19 when and if schools fully reopen."	Did Betsy DeVos Say COVID-19 Will ‘Only’ Kill .02% of US Students?
vclaim-sno-devos-schools-covid-19	In response to a question in a July 2020 CNN interview about what would happen if a COVID-19 outbreak occurred in schools, U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said, “You can’t plan for something that hasn’t happened yet.”	Did Betsy DeVos Say Schools Can’t Plan for a COVID-19 Outbreak That ‘Hasn’t Happened Yet’?
vclaim-sno-dew-water-tanzania	Adulterated Dew® brand bottled water killed 180 people in Tanzania.	Did Dew Brand Bottled Water Kill 180 People?
vclaim-sno-dewitos	Pepsi is test marketing a Doritos-flavored version of Mountain Dew.	Dewitos: Doritos Flavor Mountain Dew
vclaim-sno-dg-sunblock-burns	A child developed third-degree sunburn after using Dollar General brand spray-on sunblock.	Dollar General Sunblock Warning
vclaim-sno-dhs-12m-trump-votes	The U.S. Department of Homeland Security found 12 million-plus votes for Donald Trump that weren't counted.	Did the DHS Find That 12 Million-Plus Votes for Trump Were Never Counted?
vclaim-sno-dhs-compile-database-journalists-bloggers	The United States Department of Homeland Security is planning to compile a database of journalists and bloggers.	Is Homeland Security Working to Compile a Database of Journalists and Bloggers?
vclaim-sno-dhs-quietly-vanloads-border	The Department of Homeland Security is secretly moving and releasing crowds of undocumented people into the United States.	DHS Quietly Moving, Releasing ‘Vanloads’ of ‘Illegal Aliens’ Away from Border
vclaim-sno-dhs-watermark-sting	The U.S. Department of Homeland Security orchestrated a sting against Democrats by adding a secret watermark to prove their participation in election fraud.	Did DHS Secretly Watermark Ballots in an Election Fraud Sting Against Dems?
vclaim-sno-dia-de-los-muertos-remembrance	"U.S. President Donald Trump signed a proclamation declaring November 1, the same day as the Mexican holiday Dia de los Muertos, as the National Day of Remembrance for Americans Killed by ""Illegal Aliens."""	Do Dia de los Muertos and National Remembrance Day for Americans Killed by ‘Illegal Aliens’ Fall on Same Day?
vclaim-sno-diabetes-tattoo	A new tattoo ink changes color depending on a person's glucose levels, meaning people with diabetes can use it to check their blood sugar levels.	Does a New Tattoo Ink Allow People With Diabetes to Monitor Their Blood Sugar Levels?
vclaim-sno-diabetes-vaccine-2	In July 2017, it was announced that Finnish researchers would begin human trials of a Type 1 diabetes vaccine in 2018.	Finnish Researchers Set to Start Type 1 Diabetes Vaccine Trials?
vclaim-sno-diabetes-vaccine	The discovery of a vaccine for the autoimmune disease diabetes has been announced.	Diabetes Vaccine Announced?
vclaim-sno-diahann-carroll-donald-trump	Between January 2017 and March 2018, Diahann Carroll publicly praised and defended President Donald Trump and pleaded with Democrats to end their criticism of him.	Did Diahann Carroll Praise President Trump, Plead with Democrats to Stop Criticizing Him?
vclaim-sno-diamond-dogs	A Diamond Pet Brands recall of pet foods is underway due to potential Salmonella contamination.	Diamond Pet Food Recall
vclaim-sno-diamond-lanes-arent-a-pregnant-girls-best-friend	Pregnant woman tries to beat carpool lane ticket by asserting her fetus counts as a second person.	Carpool Lane Scams
vclaim-sno-diamond-silk-gop-convention	The Trump campaign announced in July 2020 that Diamond and Silk, Ted Nugent, Scott Baio, and Antonio Sabato Jr. would be speaking via Zoom at the Republican National Convention.	Were Diamond and Silk, Ted Nugent Announced as GOP Convention Speakers?
vclaim-sno-diamonds-in-the-cluck	Preparing ‘Engagement Chicken’ (a lemon and herb flavored roast chicken dish) will inspire your boyfriend to propose marriage to you.	Engagement Chicken
vclaim-sno-diana-harry-10million-inheritance	Diana Spencer, Prince Harry's mother, left her son with an inheritance of around $10 million after she was killed in a car accident in 1997.	Did Princess Diana Leave Prince Harry a $10M Inheritance?
vclaim-sno-diane-abbott-shoes	Diane Abbott was photographed wearing mismatched shoes on Dec. 12, 2019.	Did UK Politician Diane Abbott Wear Mismatched Shoes in Elex Day Photos?
vclaim-sno-dianne-feinstein-confederate-flag	While mayor of San Francisco mayor in 1984, Dianne Feinstein repeatedly ordered the reinstallation of a Confederate battle flag outside City Hall.	Did Dianne Feinstein Repeatedly Reinstall a Confederate Battle Flag in San Francisco?
vclaim-sno-dianne-feinstein	Senator Dianne Feinstein said she “can’t believe that so many people still don’t” approve of health care reform legislation.	Dianne Feinstein on Health Care Reform
vclaim-sno-diaper-filled-with-ewww	Maggots found living inside a package of Huggies brand diapers.	Maggots Found in Huggies Diapers?
vclaim-sno-dick-act-of-1902	"The Dick Act passed in 1903 ""invalidates all gun control laws"" in the U.S."	Dick Act of 1902
vclaim-sno-dick-morris-hillary-clinton	A column written by Clinton adviser-turned-opponent Dick Morris pointed out details elided in a 2007 Hillary Clinton campaign ad narrated by President Bill Clinton.	Dick Morris on Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-dick-smith-halal-email	Dick Smith penned an email to customers denigrating the Muslim religion.	Dick Smith Statement About Halal Certifications as ‘Extortion’
vclaim-sno-dick-van-dyke-trump-dictator	"Dick Van Dyke said of Donald Trump, ""There are millions of people who share his anger, paranoia, and his hatred ... I think we have to stop a man who wants to be the dictator."""	Did Dick Van Dyke Say ‘We Have to Stop a Man Who Wants to Be the Dictator’?
vclaim-sno-did-233-vote-steal-social-security	233 U.S. Representatives voted in April 2018 to use funds from Social Security's $2.9 trillion surplus in an effort to balance the budget.	Did 233 Representatives Vote to ‘Steal’ Social Security’s $2.9 Trillion Surplus?
vclaim-sno-did-30000-cows-freeze-to-death-in-a-winter-storm	More than 30,000 cows froze to death during a winter storm because farmers could not be bothered to take care of their animals.	Did 30,000 Cows Freeze to Death in a Winter Storm?
vclaim-sno-did-a-muslim-mayor-outlaw-christmas-2017	"The Muslim mayor of ""Blairsville, Michigan"" has outlawed Christmas within the city's limits."	Did a Muslim Mayor Outlaw Christmas in 2017?
vclaim-sno-did-a-new-jersey-town-forbid-residents-from-criticizing-islam	A town in New Jersey has forbidden residents from criticizing Muslims or Islam in keeping with sharia law.	Did a New Jersey Town Forbid Residents From Criticizing Islam?
vclaim-sno-did-a-sunbather-catch-a-cobra-bare-hands	A video shows a sunbather catching a snake moments before it bites her.	Did a Sunbather Catch a Cobra with Her Bare Hands?
vclaim-sno-did-a-tattooed-jimi-hendrix-ride-a-dune-buggy	An image shows Jimi Hendrix covered in tattoos while riding a dune buggy.	Did a Tattooed Jimi Hendrix Ride a Dune Buggy?
vclaim-sno-did-abc-fire-joy-behar-from-the-view	"ABC fired Joy Behar from her job co-hosting ""The View"" after she made comments about Vice President Mike Pence's religious beliefs."	Did ABC Fire Joy Behar from ‘The View’?
vclaim-sno-did-abcs-vp-programming-cancel-roseanne	The decision to cancel the show 'Roseanne' was made by ABC Senior Vice President of Programming Mutafa Ka'Plese.	Did ABC’s Senior Vice President of Programming Mutafa Ka’Plese Decide to Cancel ‘Roseanne’?
vclaim-sno-did-ag-say-if-inflict-fear-pain-children	"Attorney General Jeff Sessions said ""if we inflict fear and pain on children, adults won’t want to come here."""	Did Jeff Sessions Say ‘If We Inflict Fear and Pain on Children, Adults Won’t Want to Come Here’?
vclaim-sno-did-al-capone-demand-inquiry-doj	Notorious mobster Al Capone demanded an inquiry into whether his gang was surveilled or infiltrated by the Department of Justice.	Did Al Capone Demand an Inquiry Into Whether the Justice Department Surveilled His Gang?
vclaim-sno-did-alabama-state-police-arrest-poll-workers	Three poll workers were arrested for voter fraud during Alabama's special election in December 2017.	Did Alabama State Police Arrest Three Poll Workers in Birmingham?
vclaim-sno-did-aldrin-reveal-the-truth-about-aliens	Voice analysis of Buzz Aldrin and other former astronauts revealed the existence of extraterrestrials.	Did Buzz Aldrin ‘Reveal the Truth About Aliens’ in a Lie Detector Test?
vclaim-sno-did-amazon-choose-san-diego-for-its-hq2	"Amazon chose San Diego as the site for its second headquarters, a.k.a. ""HQ2."""	Did Amazon Choose San Diego For Its ‘HQ2’?
vclaim-sno-did-an-alabama-church-put-up-a-sign-comparing-roy-moore-to-jesus	The billboard for Living Way Ministries in Alabama displayed a message openly supporting GOP senatorial candidate Roy Moore.	Did an Alabama Church Display a Sign Comparing Roy Moore to Jesus?
vclaim-sno-did-antifa-stab-vermont-man	A group of anti-fascists attacked and stabbed a man outside his home in Vermont for not condemning a local white nationalist.	Did ‘Antifa’ Stab a Vermont Man for Not Condemning a Nazi?
vclaim-sno-did-baboon-terrorize-village	A gay baboon terrorized a South African village and raped several men.	Did a Gay Baboon Terrorize an African Village?
vclaim-sno-did-bachmann-say-jesus-created-rifles	"Michele Bachmann said during an appearance on ""Fox & Friends"" that Jesus created assault rifles."	Did Michele Bachmann Say That ‘Jesus Created Assault Rifles’?
vclaim-sno-did-barack-obamas-stylist-reveal-he-is-a-gay	Former President Barack Obama's stylist revealed to a conservative web site that he caught Obama in the middle of a gay tryst.	Did ‘Barack Obama’s Stylist’ Reveal He Is ‘a Gay’?
vclaim-sno-did-bart-simpson-mock-islam-during-a-chalkboard-gag	A screenshot from an episode of The Simpsons shows Bart Simpson mocking the Islamic religion during a chalkboard gag.	Did Bart Simpson Mock Islam During a Chalkboard Gag?
vclaim-sno-did-beagle-queen-to-royal-wedding	A video shows Queen Elizabeth riding with Meghan Markle's rescued beagle Guy to the royal wedding.	Did Meghan Markle’s Dog Accompany Queen Elizabeth to the Royal Wedding?
vclaim-sno-did-ben-carson-purchase-a-31000-dining-set-and-charge-it-to-hud	HUD Secretary Ben Carson's office bought a $31,000 dining set and billed taxpayers for it.	Did Ben Carson Purchase a $31,000 Dining Set and Charge It to HUD?
vclaim-sno-did-beyonce-say-descended-illuminati	Beyoncé revealed that according to a DNA test, she is related to the Rockefellers and the British royal family.	Did Beyoncé Say That She Is a Descendant of the ‘Illuminati’?
vclaim-sno-did-biden-cancel-operation-talon	"U.S. President Joe Biden canceled a Trump-era program aimed at deporting sexual offenders called ""Operation Talon."""	Did Biden Cancel Operation Talon?
vclaim-sno-did-booker-put-dreamers-before-veterans	Sen. Cory Booker released a statement showing a preference for enrollees in the DACA program over military veterans.	Did Sen. Cory Booker Put Undocumented People ‘Before Seniors and Veterans’?
vclaim-sno-did-british-pub-chain-ban-remembrance-poppies	"British pub chain JD Wetherspoon banned remembrance poppies due to ""multiculturalism""."	Did a British Pub Chain Ban ‘Offensive’ Remembrance Poppies?
vclaim-sno-did-c-span-insult-mitch-mcconnell	A chyron on a network news channel contained a vulgar insult against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.	Did C-SPAN Insult Mitch McConnell?
vclaim-sno-did-canada-legalize-euthanasia-children-disabilities	"Canada has legalized euthanasia, enabling parents to ""kill disabled children."""	Did Canada Legalize Euthanasia So Parents Can Kill Children With Disabilities?
vclaim-sno-did-captured-islamic-state-obama	A captured Islamic State leader's cell phone contained the phone numbers of world leaders, including former President Barack Obama.	Did a Captured Islamic State Leader Have Barack Obama On Speed Dial?
vclaim-sno-did-cdc-flu-shot-causing-outbreak	A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention doctor said the flu vaccine is causing the deadly flu epidemic.	Did a CDC Doctor Say the Flu Shot Is Causing a Deadly Outbreak?
vclaim-sno-did-ceo-harley-davidson-trump-moron	"Harley-Davidson's chief executive officer Matthew Levatich called President Trump ""a moron."""	Did Harley Davidson’s CEO Call President Trump ‘a Moron’?
vclaim-sno-did-clinton-say-syria-israel-leaked-e-mail	"In a leaked e-mail, Hillary Clinton said ""we must destroy Syria for Israel."""	Did Hillary Clinton Say ‘We Must Destroy Syria for Israel’ in a Leaked E-Mail?
vclaim-sno-did-cnn-alter-esteban-santiagos-photograph	CNN altered a photograph of Esteban Santiago to make his skin appear lighter.	Did CNN Alter Esteban Santiago’s Photograph?
vclaim-sno-did-cnn-give-shooting-survivor-questions	CNN asked a survivor of the 14 February 2018 mass shooting in Parkland, Florida to deliver scripted remarks during a televised town hall.	Did CNN Give a Parkland Shooting Survivor Scripted Questions?
vclaim-sno-did-congress-pass-bill-warrantless-searches	"Congress ""quietly"" passed legislation allowing authorities to raid private property with no warrant."	Did Congress ‘Quietly’ Pass a Bill Allowing Warrantless Searches of Homes?
vclaim-sno-did-congress-vote-allow-horses-slaughtered-food	The House voted to allow horses in the U.S. to be slaughtered for food.	Did Congress Vote to Allow Horses to Be Slaughtered for Food?
vclaim-sno-did-conor-mcgregor-and-floyd-mayweather-sign-for-a-rematch	Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have agreed to fight a rematch, to be fought under modified mixed martial arts rules.	Did Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather Sign for a Rematch?
vclaim-sno-did-controversial-jacket-pro-fascism-message	"Melania Trump made a sly reference to the Mussolini-era slogan ""me ne frego"" with her ""I DON'T REALLY CARE DO U?"" jacket."	Did Melania Trump’s Controversial Jacket Contain a Pro-Fascism Message?
vclaim-sno-did-covid-19-kill-chuck-norris	Martial arts movie star Chuck Norris has died from the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Did COVID-19 Kill Chuck Norris?
vclaim-sno-did-crabs-swarm-florida-irma	Crabs swarmed onto a Florida road after Hurricane Irma.	Did Crabs Swarm a Florida Road After Irma?
vclaim-sno-did-dea-legalize-synthetic-weed	The DEA recently classified synthetic marijuana as a legally-obtainable Schedule II drug while continuing to list plant-based marijuana as a Schedule I drug with “no currently accepted medical use.”	Did the Drug Enforcement Administration Legalize Synthetic Marijuana While Keeping ‘the Real Thing’ Illegal?
vclaim-sno-did-delta-eject-passenger-adam-saleh-for-speaking-arabic	Adam Saleh was ejected from a Delta flight for speaking Arabic.	Delta Ejects Passenger for Speaking Arabic
vclaim-sno-did-democrats-check-phones-sotu-address	A few Democratic lawmakers were spotted checking their phones during President Trump's State of the Union address.	Did Democrats Check Their Phones During Trump’s State of the Union Address?
vclaim-sno-did-dems-really-do-all-of-this	"As stated in a meme, ""Democrats killed a bill for tuition assistance for children of veterans killed in battle, THEN APPROVE subsidizing the education and healthcare of 'Ilegal Immigrants.'"""	Did Democrats Really Do All of This?
vclaim-sno-did-disney-announce-bedknobs-broomsticks	Disney announced in March 2018 that it was remaking 'Bedknobs and Broomsticks' with Kate Winslet.	Did Disney Announce a Remake of ‘Bedknobs and Broomsticks’ with Kate Winslet?
vclaim-sno-did-donald-trump-appoint-sarah-palin-as-a-science-advisor	President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Sarah Palin Science and Technology Advisor.	Did Donald Trump Appoint Sarah Palin as a Science Advisor?
vclaim-sno-did-donald-trump-demand-immigrants-adapt-or-leave	"Circulated text quotes President Donald Trump, among other things, demanding immigrants to ""adapt"" or leave the United States."	Did Donald Trump Demand Immigrants ‘Adapt’ or Leave?
vclaim-sno-did-eagles-players-kneel-anthem	Players on the Philadelphia Eagles knelt in protest during the National Anthem throughout the 2017 regular NFL season.	Did Philadelphia Eagles Players Kneel During the National Anthem in 2017?
vclaim-sno-did-educator-say-ask-babies-permission	Sexuality educator Deanne Carson said parents should ask a baby's permission before changing their diaper.	Did a Sexuality Educator Say Parents Should Ask Babies’ Permission for Diaper Changes?
vclaim-sno-did-elderly-woman-train-cats-to-steal	An elderly woman trained her 65 cats to steal items, such as jewelry, from her neighbors.	Did an Elderly Woman Train 65 Cats to Steal from Her Neighbors?
vclaim-sno-did-energy-weapon-strike-michigan	"A series of images show a ""direct energy weapon"" striking a city in Michigan."	Did a ‘Direct Energy Weapon’ Strike Michigan?
vclaim-sno-did-every-single-school-marching-band-in-dc-just-boycott-trumps-inauguration	Every high school marching band in Washington D.C. is boycotting Donald Trump's inauguration.	Did Every Single School Marching Band in DC Just Boycott Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-did-fbi-wipe-phones-of-las-vegas-eyewitnesses	"The FBI ""wiped"" phones belonging to eyewitnesses of the Las Vegas massacre."	Did the FBI ‘Wipe’ the Phones of Las Vegas Massacre Eyewitnesses?
vclaim-sno-did-first-responder-stand-down-parkland	"An emergency medical responder said he was given a ""stand down"" order during the mass shooting in Parkland, Florida."	Did a First Responder Say He Was Told to ‘Stand Down’ in Parkland?
vclaim-sno-did-fisher-price-release-tiny-toker	"Fisher-Price manufactured a ""Tiny Toker"" toyset featuring a toy bong and other marijuana paraphernalia."	Did Fisher-Price Release a ‘Tiny Toker’ Toy?
vclaim-sno-did-florida-pass-recreational-marijuana	A new law in Florida legalized recreational use of marijuana.	Did Florida Pass a Bill Legalizing Recreational Use of Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-did-fracking-cause-volcanic-activity-hawaii	Scientific data has linked the surge in volcanic activity in Hawaii to increased fracking activity from a nearby geothermal energy plant.	Did Fracking Cause Volcanic Activity on Hawaii’s Big Island?
vclaim-sno-did-george-soros-suffer-a-massive-heart-attack-on-christmas-eve	George Soros experienced a life-threatening cardiac condition just before Christmas 2017.	Did George Soros Suffer a ‘Massive Heart Attack’ on Christmas Eve?
vclaim-sno-did-georgia-lawmaker-nazis-d-day	Rep. Drew Ferguson posted a picture of Nazi soldiers on Twitter on the anniversary of the Allied invasion of Normandy.	Did a Georgia Lawmaker Tweet a Photograph of Nazis on D-Day?
vclaim-sno-did-germany-release-statement-denouncing-u-s	"Germany released a ""historic statement"" denouncing the United States."	Did Germany Release a ‘Historic Statement’ Denouncing the United States Under Trump?
vclaim-sno-did-germanys-black-forest-cause-15000-missing-person-cases-last-year	Germany's Black Forest caused 15,000 missing person cases last year.	Did Germany’s Black Forest Cause 15,000 Missing Person Cases Last Year?
vclaim-sno-did-girl-smile-carved-face-south-africa	"A photograph shows a young girl in South Africa who had a ""Joker smile"" carved into her face."	Did a Little Girl Have a ‘Joker Smile’ Carved Into Her Face in South Africa?
vclaim-sno-did-hardware-store-no-gays-allowed-sign	"A Tennessee hardware store put up a sign reading ""no gays allowed."""	Did a Tennessee Hardware Store Put Up a ‘No Gays Allowed’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-did-hoboken-mayor-ravi-bhalla-vow-to-glorify-islam-in-every-decision	"Hoboken Mayor Ravi Bhalla promised to ""glorify Islam"" after being elected."	Did Hoboken Mayor Ravi Bhalla ‘Vow to Glorify Islam In Every Decision’?
vclaim-sno-did-huge-shark-wash-up-kitty-hawk	A photograph shows a twenty-foot-long shark that washed up on a beach in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina.	Did a Huge Shark Wash Up on a North Carolina Beach?
vclaim-sno-did-hugh-hefner-pay-to-be-buried-next-to-marilyn-monroe	Hugh Hefner paid $75,000 to be interred next to Marilyn Monroe in a Los Angeles cemetery.	Did Hugh Hefner Pay to be Interred Next to Marilyn Monroe?
vclaim-sno-did-hundreds-ar15-blessing-ceremony	Hundreds attended a church ceremony blessing AR-15s.	Did Hundreds of Worshipers Attend an AR-15 Blessing Ceremony at a Church?
vclaim-sno-did-hurricane-harvey-uncover-obamas-secret-stash	Flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey exposed a weapons cache hidden by former President Barack Obama.	Did Hurricane Harvey Reveal Barack Obama’s Secret Ammunition Stash?
vclaim-sno-did-hurricane-irma-create-a-cloud-face	Hurricane Irma created a cloud formation that resembled an ominous face.	Did Hurricane Irma Create a ‘Cloud Face’?
vclaim-sno-did-i-do-that	"Jaleel White, who portrayed Steve Urkel on the television sitcom ""Family Matters,"" committed suicide in 2006."	Jaleel White Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-did-ilhan-omar-spit-on-the-tomb-of-the-unknown-soldier	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar spit on the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.	Did Ilhan Omar Spit On the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
vclaim-sno-did-jack-minzey-modern-civil-war	A military veteran and educator wrote an opinion piece arguing that the United States is in a modern Civil War.	Did a Professor Named Jack Minzey Write About ‘A Modern Civil War’?
vclaim-sno-did-jared-kushner-scrub-his-twitter-account-after-manafort-indictment	Jared Kushner scrubbed his Twitter account shortly after Special Counsel Robert S. Mueller III revealed charges against three former Trump campaign officials in October 2017.	Did Jared Kushner Scrub His Twitter Account After Manafort Indictment?
vclaim-sno-did-joe-frazier-vote-pa	One or more people used the identity of American boxer Joe Frazier, who died in 2011, to illegally vote in Philadelphia.	Did Boxing Champ Joe Frazier Vote ‘From His Grave’?
vclaim-sno-did-john-f-kennedy-predict-his-own-assassination	"President John F. Kennedy proclaimed that ""nobody can stop an assassination"" just before he was shot and killed in 1963."	Did John F. Kennedy Predict His Own Assassination?
vclaim-sno-did-john-mccain-accidentally-vote-no-on-aca-repeal	"Senator John McCain said that he accidentally voted ""no"" on repealing the Affordable Care Act."	Did John McCain Accidentally Vote ‘No’ on Affordable Care Act Repeal?
vclaim-sno-did-julia-roberts-scold-celine-dion-over-trump	"Julia Roberts warned Celine Dion that President Donald Trump would ""make Obama's destroyed America great again"" and to leave the U.S. if she didn't like him."	Did Julia Roberts Tell Celine Dion ‘Go Back in Your Country’ If She Didn’t like Trump?
vclaim-sno-did-karl-rove-write-tactics-conservative-blogging	"Karl Rove wrote an item known as ""Tactics for Effective Conservative Blogging."""	Did Karl Rove Write ‘Tactics for Effective Conservative Blogging’?
vclaim-sno-did-kevin-bacon-change-his-last-name-to-appease-muslims	Actor Kevin Bacon decided to change his last name because he did not want to offend Muslims.	Did Kevin Bacon Change His Last Name to Appease Muslims?
vclaim-sno-did-king-tell-trump-hague	The king of the Netherlands tweeted that the International Court of Justice in the Hague is ready and waiting for Donald Trump.	Did the King of the Netherlands Tell Donald Trump That The Hague Is Waiting for Him?
vclaim-sno-did-kkk-taliban-endorse-trump	Before the 2020 U.S. presidential election, the Taliban and the Ku Klux Klan endorsed U.S. President Donald Trump while his Democratic opponent, Joe Biden, was “endorsed by a broad bipartisan coalition and the New England Journal of Medicine.”	Did the Taliban Endorse Trump While Scientific Community Endorsed Biden?
vclaim-sno-did-lahren-compare-hair-beyonces	"Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren compared her ""real hair"" to Beyoncé's hair."	Did Fox News Contributor Tomi Lahren Compare Her ‘Real Hair’ to Beyoncé’s?
vclaim-sno-did-leonard-refuse-play-anti-trump-comments	Kawhi Leonard said that he refused to play for the San Antonio Spurs because of coach Gregg Popovich's anti-Trump comments.	Did Kawhi Leonard Refuse to Play Because His Coach Made Anti-Trump Comments?
vclaim-sno-did-lincoln-racism-equality-oppose	In 1858, Lincoln expressed his opposition to racial equality and asserted the superiority of white people.	Did Abraham Lincoln Express Opposition to Racial Equality?
vclaim-sno-did-macys-pull-support-from-planned-parenthood	Macy's pulled funding from Planned Parenthood in December 2016 under pressure from anti-abortion groups.	Did Macy’s Pull Support from Planned Parenthood?
vclaim-sno-did-maine-democrats-vote-to-allow-fgm	Maine's House Democrats voted to allow female genital mutilation.	Did Maine House Democrats Vote to Allow Female Genital Mutilation?
vclaim-sno-did-man-lock-head-cage	A Russian man locked his head in a cage in an attempt to stop smoking.	Did a Man Lock His Head in a Cage to Quit Smoking?
vclaim-sno-did-man-receive-153000-bill-rattlesnake	A man received a $153,000 hospital bill after a bite he sustained from a rattlesnake that he was attempting to take a selfie with.	Did a Man Receive a $153,000 Hospital Bill After a Failed Selfie With a Rattlesnake?
vclaim-sno-did-man-save-friend-from-reptilian-attack	A video shows a man saving his friend from an attack by either an alligator or a crocodile.	Did a Man Save His Friend From a Reptilian Attack with an Elbow Drop?
vclaim-sno-did-maria-cause-an-iv-bag-shortage	United States health care facilities face an intravenous bag shortage because of the devastation wreaked by Hurricane Maria in September 2017.	Did Hurricane Maria Cause an IV Bag Shortage Across the United States?
vclaim-sno-did-mark-twain-say-its-easier-to-fool-people-than-to-convince-them-that-they-have-been-fooled	Mark Twain said that it's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.	Did Mark Twain Say ‘It’s Easier to Fool People Than to Convince Them That They Have Been Fooled’?
vclaim-sno-did-mark-zuckerberg-buy-a-150-million-yacht	"Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg bought a ""super-yacht"" for $150 million."	Did Mark Zuckerberg Buy a $150 Million Yacht?
vclaim-sno-did-mars-release-a-pod-product-in-the-wake-of-the-tide-pod-challenge-controversy	"Mars, Incorporated released a ""Pods"" product shortly after the Tide Pod Challenge went viral in 2018."	Did a Candy Company Put Out an Edible Pod After the ‘Tide Pod Challenge’ Controversy?
vclaim-sno-did-maxine-waters-say-impeach-trump	Maxine Waters told CNN that her first act if elected president would be to impeach Donald Trump.	Did Maxine Waters Say She Would Impeach Trump If She Became President?
vclaim-sno-did-melania-spell-help-tweet	"First Lady Melania Trump posted a tweet that was arranged in a way that the first letters of each line spelled out the word ""HELP."""	Did Melania Trump Spell ‘HELP’ in a Tweet?
vclaim-sno-did-melania-trump-plagiarize-pamphlet	"Melania Trump plagiarized a document from the Federal Trade Commission for her ""Be Best"" campaign."	Did Melania Trump Plagiarize a Pamphlet for the ‘Be Best’ Campaign?
vclaim-sno-did-melbourne-antifa-claim-responsibility-for-the-vegas-massacre	An Antifa group in Melbourne, Australia claimed responsibility for the September 2017 Las Vegas massacre.	Did ‘Melbourne Antifa’ Claim Responsibility for the Vegas Massacre?
vclaim-sno-did-michael-lombardi-kill-a-hibernating-bear-in-new-jersey	A New Jersey man named Michael Lombardi killed a hibernating bear.	Did Michael Lombardi Kill a Hibernating Bear in New Jersey?
vclaim-sno-did-michele-bachmann-say-kanye-is-right	"Congresswoman turned pundit Michele Bachmann said ""Kanye is right ... slavery was a choice."""	Did Michele Bachmann Say ‘Kanye is Right’ and Slavery was ‘a Choice’?
vclaim-sno-did-michelle-obama-abc-fire-roseanne	"Former First Lady Michelle Obama orchestrated the cancellation of ""Roseanne"" and firing of its titular star, Roseanne Barr."	Did Michelle Obama Tell ABC to Fire Roseanne Barr?
vclaim-sno-did-migrants-destroy-a-car-in-italy	A video shows Muslim migrants destroying a car in Italy.	Did Migrants Destroy a Car in Italy?
vclaim-sno-did-mike-huckabee-complain-michelle-wolf	"Mike Huckabee tweeted that the White House Correspondents Dinner ""celebrated bullying"" after inviting people to watch his own show unless they lacked a ""sense of humor."""	Did Mike Huckabee Complain About Michelle Wolf After Mocking ‘Triggers’ on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-did-natalie-palmer-hunt-kill-wolves	A photograph shows Natalie Palmer Botes, the daughter of big game hunter Walter Palmer, with several dead wolves — including one that had recently given birth to cubs.	Did Natalie Palmer Botes Hunt and Kill These Wolves?
vclaim-sno-did-nci-admit-marijuana-kills-cancer	"The National Cancer Institute has ""admitted"" that ""cannabis kills cancer."""	Did the National Cancer Institute ‘Finally Admit’ That Marijuana Kills Cancer?
vclaim-sno-did-netflix-announce-god-of-war-series	"Netflix announced in April 2018 that they are creating a new series based on the video game ""God of War."""	Did Netflix Announce a ‘God of War’ Series in April 2018?
vclaim-sno-did-nevada-gop-electors-vote-for-trump	Nevada's state electors defied the will of the people and voted for U.S. President Donald Trump in 2020.	Did Nevada GOP Electors Vote for Trump?
vclaim-sno-did-nfl-team-declare-bankruptcy-protests	The Jacksonville Jaguars filed for bankruptcy in December 2017 after NFL fans boycotted the league due to player protests.	First NFL Team Declares Bankruptcy Over ‘Take a Knee’ Protests?
vclaim-sno-did-nick-saban-finish-third-in-the-2017-alabama-senatorial-election	University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban finished third in a special Senate election in December 2017.	Did Nick Saban Finish Third in the 2017 Alabama Senate Race?
vclaim-sno-did-north-korea-open-doors-christianity	North Korea is now allowing the open practice of Christianity.	Did North Korea Agree to ‘Open Its Doors’ to Christianity?
vclaim-sno-did-nyc-ban-hot-dogs	New York City is set to ban hot dogs and processed meats in an effort to combat climate change.	Did NYC Ban Hot Dogs?
vclaim-sno-did-obama-administration-children-human-traffickers	Some immigrant children were placed with human traffickers during the Obama administration.	Did the Obama Administration Place Immigrant Children With Human Traffickers?
vclaim-sno-did-obama-award-himself-a-distinguished-public-service-medal	President Obama awarded himself the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service.	Did President Obama Award Himself a Distinguished Public Service Medal?
vclaim-sno-did-odonnell-offer-bribes-to-senators	"Rosie O'Donnell bribed two senators to vote ""no"" on the GOP tax bill via Twitter."	Did Rosie O’Donnell Offer Bribes to Senators on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-did-orca-eat-an-ice-fisherman	A video shows an ice fisherman getting eaten by an orca.	Did an Orca Eat an Ice Fisherman on Camera?
vclaim-sno-did-paw-patrol-get-canceled	"The kids' TV show ""Paw Patrol"" was canceled in June 2020 due to its portrayal of police."	Was the Kids’ TV Show ‘Paw Patrol’ Canceled?
vclaim-sno-did-peppa-pig-die	The animated character Peppa Pig died in the final episode of the show.	Did Peppa Pig Die in the Show’s Final Episode?
vclaim-sno-did-pfizers-vp-blow-whistle-gardasil	"The vice president of Pfizer said human papillomavirus vaccine Gardasil is ""deadly."""	Did Pfizer’s Vice President ‘Blow the Whistle’ on Gardasil?
vclaim-sno-did-pizza-hut-pressure-workers-evacuate-irma	"Pizza Hut pressured employees in Florida to return to work ""within 72 hours"" if they evacuated because of tropical storm Irma."	Did Pizza Hut Pressure Workers Evacuating From Irma’s Path to Stay at Work?
vclaim-sno-did-planned-parenthood-defend-bill-cosby	Planned Parenthood issued a statement in defense of Bill Cosby after the comedian was convicted of felony sexual assault.	Did Planned Parenthood Defend Bill Cosby?
vclaim-sno-did-pope-francis-cancel-the-bible	Pope Francis cancelled the Bible and proposed the creation of a new holy book.	Did Pope Francis Cancel the Bible and Propose a New Holy Book?
vclaim-sno-did-pope-francis-write-the-gentle-reminder-message	"Pope Francis wrote a viral Facebook post offering a ""gentle reminder"" about what's important in life."	Did Pope Francis Write the ‘Gentle Reminder’ Message?
vclaim-sno-did-pope-say-hell-doesnt-exist	In March 2018, Pope Francis denied the existence of Hell.	Did the Pope Say That Hell Doesn’t Exist?
vclaim-sno-did-president-trump-say-canadians-smuggle-shoes	"President Donald Trump said that Canadians ""smuggle"" shoes out of the United States after altering them to make them ""look old."""	Did President Trump Say That Canadians Smuggle Shoes Out of the United States?
vclaim-sno-did-principal-implement-halal-menu	Principal Muhammad Al-Salad implemented a Halal menu at an elementary school in West Virginia.	Did Elementary School Principal Muhammad Al-Salad Forcibly Implement a Halal Menu?
vclaim-sno-did-prof-michio-kaku-say-haarp-caused-irma-and-harvey	Professor Michio Kaku said Hurricanes Harvey and Irma were caused by the United States Government modifying the weather.	Did Physicist Michio Kaku Say HAARP Caused Irma and Harvey?
vclaim-sno-did-roseanne-adopt-african-child	Roseanne Barr adopted a black child from Africa to prove she isn't racist.	Did Roseanne Adopt an African Child After a Racism Kerfuffle?
vclaim-sno-did-roseanne-pose-as-adolf-hitler-photo-shoot	Roseanne Barr posed as Hitler for an issue of satirical Jewish magazine 'Heeb.'	Did Roseanne Barr Pose as Adolf Hitler for a Magazine Photo Shoot?
vclaim-sno-did-rosie-insanity-campaign-donations	"Rosie O'Donnell ""pled insanity"" after being caught violating individual election campaign contribution regulations."	Did Rosie O’Donnell ‘Plead Insanity’ Over Illegal Campaign Donations?
vclaim-sno-did-rush-limbaugh-smoke	Rush Limbaugh was a smoker.	Did Rush Limbaugh Smoke?
vclaim-sno-did-russia-monument-native-americans-moscow	Russia built a monument to memorialize the genocide of indigenous peoples on the American continent outside the United States Embassy in Russia.	Did Russia Erect a Monument to Native Americans in Front of the United States Embassy in Moscow?
vclaim-sno-did-ruth-bader-ginsburg-say-that-pedophilia-was-good-for-children	Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that pedophilia was good for children.	Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Say that Pedophilia Was Good for Children?
vclaim-sno-did-ryan-osteen-house-chaplain	Paul Ryan nominated televangelist Joel Osteen as the new House Chaplain.	Did Paul Ryan Nominate Joel Osteen for House Chaplain?
vclaim-sno-did-sanders-supporters-throw-chairs-at-nevada-democratic-convention	Angry Bernie Sanders supporters threw chairs during an adversarial Nevada Democrat convention in May 2016.	Did Sanders Supporters Throw Chairs at Nevada Democratic Convention?
vclaim-sno-did-sen-tom-cotton-issue-a-cease-and-desist-to-a-constituent	"Sen. Tom Cotton's office has sent ""cease-and-desist"" letters to constituents ordering them not to contact him."	Did Sen. Tom Cotton Issue a ‘Cease and Desist’ Letter to a Constituent?
vclaim-sno-did-senate-dems-vote-en-masse-to-cut-veterans-pensions	Senate Democrats unanimously voted for a bill cutting veterans' pensions.	Did Senate Dems Vote En Masse to Cut Veterans’ Pensions?
vclaim-sno-did-shakespeare-say-he-always-felt-happy	"William Shakespeare wrote that he ""always felt happy"" because he didn't ""expect anything from anyone."""	Did William Shakespeare Say He Was Always Happy Because He Didn’t ‘Expect Anything From Anyone?’
vclaim-sno-did-shooters-instagram-picture-maga-hat	"An Instagram account linked to suspected shooter Nikolas Cruz featured an avatar that included a ""MAGA"" hat."	Did the Florida Shooter’s Instagram Profile Picture Feature a ‘MAGA’ Hat?
vclaim-sno-did-sick-childs-classmates-refuse-birthday	A photograph shows a young boy with a rare disease after his classmates refused to wish him a happy birthday.	Did a Sick Child’s Classmates Refuse to Wish Him a Happy Birthday?
vclaim-sno-did-singer-lana-del-rey-ban-american-flags-at-her-concerts	Singer Lana Del Rey banned the American flag from her concerts because she can't stand to see it with President Trump in office.	Did Singer Lana Del Rey Ban American Flags at Her Concerts?
vclaim-sno-did-sprinklers-save-house-from-massive-wildfire	An image shows a house that was saved from a fire by sprinklers.	Did Sprinklers Save a House from a Massive Wildfire?
vclaim-sno-did-target-issue-an-easter-egg-recall	Target issued a recall for a line of Easter egg toys.	Did Target Issue an Easter Egg Recall?
vclaim-sno-did-taylor-swift-say-we-should-forgive-logan-paul	"Taylor Swift said ""We should FORGIVE"" YouTube personality Logan Paul following his videos chronicling his visit to Tokyo."	Did Taylor Swift Say ‘We Should FORGIVE’ YouTube’s Logan Paul?
vclaim-sno-did-tennessee-school-district-ban-flag	A Tennessee school district banned the American flag on campus.	Did a Tennessee School District Ban the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-did-texas-mosque-refuse-help-harvey-survivors	Members of a Houston mosque barricaded themselves inside and refused to help people evacuating Hurricane Harvey.	Did a Texas Mosque Refuse to Help Hurricane Harvey Survivors?
vclaim-sno-did-the-boondocks-forecast-oprah-winfrey-becoming-president	"Animated series ""The Boondocks"" had a scene about Oprah Winfrey's becoming president in 2020."	Did ‘The Boondocks’ Forecast Oprah Winfrey’s Becoming President?
vclaim-sno-did-the-communist-party-of-the-usa-endorse-hillary-clinton	The Communist Party of the USA endorsed Hillary Clinton.	Did the Communist Party of the USA Endorse Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-did-the-simpsons-predict-mass-shooting-at-black-panther-movie-screening	"""The Simpsons"" predicted that there would be a mass shooting at a screening of the movie ""Black Panther."""	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict a Mass Shooting at a ‘Black Panther’ Movie Screening?
vclaim-sno-did-the-soviet-union-ban-microwaves-due-to-health-concerns	Microwave ovens were banned in the USSR in 1976 to protect its citizens from harmful health effects.	Did the Soviet Union Ban Microwaves Due to Health Concerns?
vclaim-sno-did-the-u-s-marines-raid-cia-headquarters	A large contingent of U.S. Marine Corps helicopters were seen circling CIA headquarters.	Were U.S. Marine Corps Helicopters Spotted Over CIA Headquarters?
vclaim-sno-did-trudeau-canada-american-farmers	Justin Trudeau said that Canada didn't need produce from American farmers because they have their own grocery stores.	Did Canada’s Prime Minister Say Canadians Don’t Need American Farmers Because ‘We Have Grocery Stores’?
vclaim-sno-did-trudeau-say-worse-things-better-men	"When Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau learned that Richard Nixon had insulted him he responded, ""I have been called worse things by better people."""	Did Pierre Trudeau Say of Richard Nixon, ‘I Have Been Called Worse Things by Better People’?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-alter-the-constitution	"President Donald Trump changed the constitution to read ""citizens"" instead of ""persons."""	Did President Trump Alter the United States Constitution?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-call-mccain-a-loser	U.S. President Donald Trump called U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., a loser.	Did Trump Call McCain a Loser?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-call-trillanes-little-narco	"President Donald Trump called Philippines lawmaker Antonio Trillanes IV a ""little narco""."	Did President Donald Trump Call Senator Antonio Trillanes IV Trillanes a ‘Little Narco?’
vclaim-sno-did-trump-concede	The Trump administration's approval of the presidential transition process means Trump has conceded the 2020 election to Joe Biden.	Does GSA’s Approval of Transition Process Mean Trump Conceded Defeat to Biden?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-impatiently-dump-fish-food-in-japanese-koi-pond	President Trump ignored instructions from Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and impatiently dumped fish food into a koi pond.	Did President Trump Impatiently Dump Fish Food in a Japanese Koi Pond?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-issue-order-deeming-church-an-essential-business	President Trump issued an order deeming church an essential business.	Did Trump Issue Order Deeming Church an Essential Business?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-jobs-iran-nuclear-deal	President Trump's decision to reverse the Iran nuclear deal will cost 100,000 Boeing jobs.	Did Trump Kill 100,000 Boeing Jobs By Pulling Out of the Iran Nuclear Deal?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-say-community-college-13th-grade	"President Donald Trump insulted community colleges in a tweet, calling them ""13th grade"" and for ""dummys"" [sic]."	Did Donald Trump Say Community College Is ’13th Grade’ for ‘Dummys’?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-say-he-loved-rioters	"In a video posted to Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, U.S. President Donald Trump said that he loved his rioting supporters but they should ""go home in peace."""	Did Trump Say He Loved Capitol Rioters in Now-Deleted Video?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-say-low-class-pets	"President Donald Trump said it was ""low-class"" of Vice President Mike Pence and his family to move some of their pets to Washington D.C."	Did Donald Trump Say It Was ‘Low Class’ for Mike Pence to Bring Pets to Washington?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-scare-schoolchildren	A video shows a group of children frightened by President Donald Trump.	Did Donald Trump Scare a Group of Schoolchildren?
vclaim-sno-did-trump-slap-mexico-city-mayor	A video shows President Donald Trump slapping the mayor of Mexico City.	Did President Donald Trump Slap the Mayor of Mexico City?
vclaim-sno-did-twitter-lock-trumps-account	"Twitter locked U.S. President Donald Trump's account after ""severe violations"" of the company's Civic Integrity policy."	Did Twitter Lock Trump’s Account?
vclaim-sno-did-two-men-cut-off-dogs-ears	A photograph shows two men standing next to a dog who had its ears cut off.	Did Two Men Cut off a Dog’s Ears?
vclaim-sno-did-uga-professor-let-students-pick-grades	A University of Georgia professor allowed students to pick their own grades.	Did a University of Georgia Professor Let Students Pick Their Own Grades?
vclaim-sno-did-ups-lose-familys-inheritance	UPS lost a family's $846,000 inheritance check but would only refund them the $32 shipping fee.	Did UPS Lose a Family’s $846,000 Inheritance, Then Refund the $32 Shipping Fee?
vclaim-sno-did-veterans-discover-trafficking-bunker-tucson	A veteran group patrolling in Tucson, Arizona, found a child trafficking site.	Did a Veteran Group Discover a ‘Disturbing Child Trafficking Bunker’ in Tucson?
vclaim-sno-did-washington-d-c-s-football-team-change-its-name-to-redhawks	The National Football League team in Washington D.C. changed its name to Redhawks.	Did Washington D.C.’s Football Team Change Its Name To ‘Redhawks’?
vclaim-sno-did-washington-post-offer-accuse-roy-moore	An Alabama woman claimed the Washington Post tried to pay her to come forward and make accusations of sexual abuse against Roy Moore.	Did a Woman Say the Washington Post Offered Her $1,000 to Accuse Roy Moore of Sexual Abuse?
vclaim-sno-did-we-ignore-huge-trafficking-bust	Snopes.com ignored reports of a large child trafficking ring bust in Arizona.	Did Snopes.com Ignore a Huge Child Trafficking Bust in Arizona?
vclaim-sno-did-who-medical-marijuana-no-health-risks	The World Health Organization has declared that medical marijuana has no health risks.	Did the World Health Organization Declare Medical Marijuana Has No Health Risks?
vclaim-sno-did-woman-abandon-son	A video shows a woman abandoning her son on the side of the road in order to appease her partner.	Did a Woman Abandon Her Son on the Street to Appease Her Partner?
vclaim-sno-did-woman-infect-deliberately-hiv	A 19-year-old college student in Kenya purposefully infected 324 men with human immunodeficiency virus in an act of revenge.	Did a Young Woman Deliberately Infect 324 Men With HIV?
vclaim-sno-did-you-lose-a-cat	Photograph shows a raccoon carrying a lost kitten.	Did You Lose a Cat?
vclaim-sno-died-onstage	Several actors have kicked the bucket in front of an audience.	Died Onstage
vclaim-sno-diego-mendez-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Diego Mendez, a 5-year-old injured by a falling TV.	Diego Mendez Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-diet-riot	Diet Coke (or Diet Pepsi) contains more calories than claimed, but the company gets away with the deception by paying a yearly fine.	1 Calorie Diet Sodas Rumor
vclaim-sno-ding-dong-dead	Gang initiates in the Dallas area are knocking on the doors of residences and shooting whoever answers.	Dallas Door Knock Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-dinner-party-cat-astrophe	A cat that had helped itself to salmon mousse prepared for an upcoming dinner party later turns up dead. The hostess, fearful her dish is poisoned, convinces her guests to rush to the hospital and get their stomachs pumped. Later that evening a neighbor comes over to apologize for running over the cat.	Poisoned Pet Legend
vclaim-sno-dino-might	Scientists at a British university have successfully cloned a dinosaur from preserved fossils.	British Scientists Clone Dinosaur
vclaim-sno-dippin39-glass	Pieces of glass and dead ants were found in packages of Dippin’ Stix.	Glass Found in Dippin' Stix Packages?
vclaim-sno-directv-nfl-refunds	DIRECTV is offering refunds to NFL package subscribers to express dissatisfaction over national anthem protests	Is DIRECTV Offering NFL Subscription Refunds Over Anthem Protests?
vclaim-sno-dirty-job	Soupy Sales routinely sneaked smutty jokes into his television program.	Soupy Sales’ Smutty Jokes
vclaim-sno-disarmament	A photograph shows the aftermath of a grisly tug-of-war contest in which two men lost their arms.	Tug of War Dismemberment
vclaim-sno-disarmed	A man who lost his arm in an accident failed to notice it until	Arm Lost in Accident
vclaim-sno-disciples-of-the-new-dumb	The Disciples of the New Dawn are a legitimate Facebook group.	Are the Disciples of the New Dawn a Legitimate Facebook Group?
vclaim-sno-diseased-animal-carcass-meat	New federal regulations are reclassifying as safe for human consumption meat from animal carcasses containing cancers, tumors, and open sores.	Has Meat from Diseased Animals Been Approved for Consumers?
vclaim-sno-disgust-and-loathing-in-las-vegas	Southern California	Osco Renaming
vclaim-sno-dishonorable-discharge	Walt Disney received a dishonorable discharge from the military during World War I.	Did Walt Disney Receive a Dishonorable Discharge?
vclaim-sno-dishwasher-hurricane	Dishwashers are a reliably safe place to store valuable documents and photographs during hurricanes or flooding.	During a Hurricane, Should You Store Important Items in Your Dishwasher?
vclaim-sno-disney-abandoned-attractions	A Disneyland vendor tent hides abandoned steps to the Skyway ride that no longer exists.	Does a Tent Hide Abandoned Skyway Steps in Disneyland?
vclaim-sno-disney-abandoned-mickey-mouse	Disney Parks abandoned a giant Mickey Mouse head.	Was a Giant Mickey Mouse Head Abandoned by Disney?
vclaim-sno-disney-bans-tattoos	Disney is banning customers bearing tattoos from all their theme parks.	Did Disney Ban Tattoos in Their Theme Parks?
vclaim-sno-disney-channel-north-korea	"Disney Channel aired ""The Rescue"" in the early 1990s, a violent, action-adventure film with pivotal scenes having taken place in a North Korean prison camp."	Did Disney Channel Air a Movie Set in a North Korean Prison Camp?
vclaim-sno-disney-color-changing-dress	A video shows a Disney Princess in Tokyo with a dress that changes color at will.	Does This Video Show Disney’s Magical ‘Color-Changing’ Dress?
vclaim-sno-disney-dvd-replacement	Disney will replace damaged or broken DVDs for a small fee.	Disney DVD Replacement Program
vclaim-sno-disney-gay-kiss	An image shows two Disney animated characters sharing the studio's first same-sex kiss.	Does a Disney Cartoon Feature the Studio’s First Gay Kiss?
vclaim-sno-disney-live-action-hercules	"Disney is set to announce a live-action remake of the film ""Hercules"" at D23."	Is Disney Making a Live-Action ‘Hercules’?
vclaim-sno-disney-matterhorn-basketball-court	A basketball court can be found within the top of Matterhorn mountain at Disneyland.	Does Disneyland’s Matterhorn Have a Basketball Court?
vclaim-sno-disney-moving-to-texas	The Walt Disney Company announced in September 2020 that Disneyland would be moved from California to Texas.	Is Disneyland Abandoning California, Moving to Texas?
vclaim-sno-disney-park-escanaba	In July 2018, a Disney spokesperson indicated that the company was planning to open a theme park in Escanaba, Michigan.	Did Disney Announce It Was to Open a Theme Park in Escanaba, Michigan?
vclaim-sno-disney-pixar-boo	Disney/Pixar announced the upcoming release of 'Boo' (a sequel to 'Monsters, Inc.') in July 2020.	Is Disney/Pixar’s ‘Monsters, Inc.’ Sequel Set for a July 2020 Release?
vclaim-sno-disney-pornhub	The Walt Disney Co. has acquired the pornographic video website Pornhub.	Did Disney Acquire Pornhub?
vclaim-sno-disney-remakes-ten-years	Walt Disney put a clause in his will requiring that the Walt Disney company remake classic movies every ten years.	Did Walt Disney’s Will Require His Movies to Be Remade Every 10 Years?
vclaim-sno-disney-sister-act-3	In December 2020, Disney announced that “Sister Act 3” was in production, with Whoopi Goldberg reviving her role of Deloris Van Cartier nearly 30 years later.	Is Disney Making ‘Sister Act 3’?
vclaim-sno-disney-studio-hospital	In order to obtain financing from bankers for his new Burbank studios, Walt Disney had to promise to construct a facility that could easily be converted into a hospital.	Were Disney Studios Required to Convert into a Hospital?
vclaim-sno-disney-tower-terror-frozen	"Disney is replacing its popular ""Tower of Terror"" attraction with ""Elsa's Ice Castle."""	Disney Replacing Tower of Terror with Elsa’s Ice Castle?
vclaim-sno-disney-turkey-leg-emu	Turkey legs sold in Disney's theme are actually emu legs.	Are Disney’s Turkey Legs Really Emu Legs?
vclaim-sno-disney-world-holiday-box	"Disney World is offering ""EVERYONE"" who shares and comments on a Facebook post one box containing a Disney World Holiday."	No, Everyone Is Not Winning This ‘Disney World Holiday Box’
vclaim-sno-disney-world-kidney-stones	Taking one or more rides on the Big Thunder Mountain roller coaster at Walt Disney World can help dislodge kidney stones.	Does a Walt Disney World Attraction Help People Pass Kidney Stones?
vclaim-sno-disney-world-princess-truth	A former Walt Disney World Resort princess revealed the truth in a story on BleacherBreaker.com.	Did a Former Disney World Princess ‘Reveal the Truth’?
vclaim-sno-disney-yeti	The Yeti snow monster from Disneyland's iconic Matterhorn ride can be found in the queue for the newer Guardians of the Galaxy ride at Disney California Adventure.	Is the Yeti from Disneyland’s Matterhorn ‘Hidden’ in the Guardians of the Galaxy Ride?
vclaim-sno-disneyland-deaths	Several guests have lost their lives on various Disneyland attractions.	Disneyland Deaths
vclaim-sno-disneyland-mailboxes	The mailboxes inside Disneyland are real and can be used to mail items.	Are the Mailboxes Inside Disneyland Real?
vclaim-sno-disneyland-reopening-holidays	Amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Disneyland Resort announced it planned to reopen sometime in late 2020.	Is Disneyland Reopening for the Holidays in 2020?
vclaim-sno-disneys-motherless-films	Maternal figures were typically absent in Walt Disney's animated films because he felt responsible for his own mother's death.	Why Did So Many of Walt Disney’s Animated Films Have Motherless Characters?
vclaim-sno-disneys-princes	Disney is producing a full-length animated film featuring two gay princes.	Disney Announces ‘Princes,’ First Film with Openly Gay Characters.
vclaim-sno-disneys-tower-of-terror-being-replaced-with-guardians-of-the-galaxy	"Disney is replacing the ""Tower of Terror"" attraction with a ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" themed ride at their Disney California Adventure Park."	Disney’s ‘Tower of Terror’ Being Replaced with ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’
vclaim-sno-disorderly-conduct	Rick Santorum said that “you need to treat females as though they have a mental disorder.”	Rick Santorum: Being Female Is a Mental Disorder
vclaim-sno-distended-abdomen-facebook-appeal	Facebook will donate $1 for treatment of a girl with a severely distended abdomen every time her picture is shared.	Facebook Donations for Little Girl with Distended Abdomen
vclaim-sno-distracted-boyfriend-meme-come-real-movie	A still from a 1920s Charlie Chaplin silent film resembles an online meme popularized nearly a century later.	Did the ‘Distracted Boyfriend’ Meme Come From a 1920’s Silent Film?
vclaim-sno-distress-cull	Strangers pretend to need cabfare to get to a hospital or money to buy gasoline or baby formula.	‘Distressed Stranger’ Scams
vclaim-sno-divorce-court-2	Donald Trump is revealing information documenting that Barack and Michelle Obama were once on the verge of divorce.	Donald Trump Reveals Obama Divorce
vclaim-sno-divorce-court	The Hobby Lobby chain fired an employee for divorcing her husband without company approval.	Hobby Lobby Fires Employee for Divorcing Husband
vclaim-sno-dixie-dolly-parton-stampede	"The word ""Dixie"" was removed from a popular Civil War-themed dinner show in Tennessee."	Was ‘Dixie’ Taken Out of Dolly Parton’s Dixie Stampede Dinner Attraction?
vclaim-sno-dj-avicii-expose-pedophile-ring	Swedish-born producer DJ Avicii died under suspicious circumstances while he was trying to use music videos to expose a pedophile ring	Did DJ Avicii Try to Expose a Pedophile Ring Before He Died?
vclaim-sno-dj-khaled-break-horses-back	DJ Khaled broke a horse's back while riding on it, causing the horse to be put down.	Did DJ Khaled Break a Horse’s Back By Riding on it?
vclaim-sno-django-unchained-death-real	Actor Ato Essandoh was killed during the filming of 'Django Unchained.'	Did ‘Django Unchained’ Feature a Real Onscreen Death?
vclaim-sno-dkny	DKNY used a New York street photographer’s pictures without permission.	DKNY
vclaim-sno-dm-deleted-syria-story	"The Daily Mail posted, and then deleted, a story saying the U.S. had given the ""green light"" for a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad."	Did the Daily Mail Delete a Story Reporting the U.S. Planned to Blame Assad for ‘False Flag’ Chemical Attacks?
vclaim-sno-dmx-death-hoax	The rapper DMX (Earl Simmons) died in February 2018.	Did Rapper DMX Die?
vclaim-sno-dmx-dog-fighting	Singer DMX was arrested in 2014 for running a dogfighting ring.	DMX Arrested in Underground Pit Bull Dog Fighting Bust
vclaim-sno-dna-testing-companies-admit-altering-tests-screw-racists	DNA testing companies admitted to tampering with results in order to agitate racist customers.	Did DNA Testing Companies Admit to Altering Tests to ‘Screw with Racists’?
vclaim-sno-dnc-hiring-actors-via-craigslist-to-replace-delegates	The Democratic National Convention's organizers published a Craigslist ad seeking actors to replace missing or ejected delegates.	DNC Hiring ‘Actors’ via Craigslist to Replace Delegates
vclaim-sno-dnc-walkout-leads-to-hundreds-of-empty-seats	After the 26 July 2016 roll call vote at the Democratic National Convention, hundreds of empty seats appeared to have been vacated by a planned protest.	DNC Walkout Leads to Hundreds of Empty Seats?
vclaim-sno-do-airport-scanners-rip-apart-dna	A study performed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory found that millimeter wave body scanners commonly used by airport security can alter your DNA.	Did a Study Prove That Airport Scanners ‘Rip Apart’ Your DNA?
vclaim-sno-do-eddie-bauer-stores-destroy-clothes	Eddie Bauer clothing stores destroy and discard leftover products rather than giving them intact to charity.	Do Eddie Bauer Stores Destroy Leftover Clothes Instead of Donating Them?
vclaim-sno-do-farmers-feed-cows-skittles	Farmers feed their cattle candy, such as Skittles.	Do Farmers Feed Cows Skittles?
vclaim-sno-do-fbi-agents-have-a-secret-society	FBI agents formed a secret society to oppose President Donald Trump.	Do FBI Agents Have an Anti-Trump ‘Secret Society’?
vclaim-sno-do-not-rejoice-in-the-death-of-one	Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said he 'will not rejoice in the death of one, not even an enemy.'	Martin Luther King: ‘Do Not Rejoice in the Death of One’
vclaim-sno-do-panhandlers-make-50-an-hour	Panhandling is a lucrative business, averaging an hourly rate of $50.	Do Panhandlers Make $50 an Hour?
vclaim-sno-do-paper-straws-contain-gluten	Some plastic straw alternatives may contain a gluten byproduct that could be harmful to people diagnosed with celiac disease.	Do Some Plastic Straw Alternatives Contain Gluten Harmful to People with Celiac Disease?
vclaim-sno-do-police-kill-more-whites-than-black-people	Police shootings kill more white Americans than Black Americans.	Do Police Kill More White People Than Black People?
vclaim-sno-do-rocks-contribute-sea-rise	"""Rocks falling into the ocean"" is a factor that contributes to observable sea level rise on human time scales."	Do Rocks Falling Into the Ocean Contribute to Global Sea Level Rise?
vclaim-sno-do-scented-candles-cause-cancer	Scented candles can cause cancer (or other major health problems).	Do Scented Candles Cause Cancer?
vclaim-sno-do-sonic-weapons-explain-the-health-diplomats-cuba	An inaudible sonic weapon adequately explains the range of symptoms experienced by diplomats suffering from “health attacks” in Cuba.	Do ‘Sonic Weapons’ Adequately Explain ‘Health Attacks’ on Diplomats in Cuba?
vclaim-sno-do-vegetarians-live-longer-than-meat-eaters	Vegetarians live longer than meat eaters.	Do Vegetarians Live Longer Than Meat Eaters?
vclaim-sno-do-you-see-the-motorcycle	Photographs show the aftermath of a motorcycle-automobile collision.	Do You See the Motorcycle?
vclaim-sno-do-you-wanna-know-a-cpac	Ted Cruz said in a CPAC speech that diseases such as AIDS and cancer can be eradicated through prayer.	Ted Cruz Said Americans Should Pray Sickness Away?
vclaim-sno-do-you-want-to-know-a-cicret	The Cicret bracelet and app can project your smartphone onto your arm.	Cicret Bracelet
vclaim-sno-dobri-dobrev	Photographs show Dobri Dobrev, a 98-year-old man in Sofia who collects money for the restoration of monasteries and churches.	Dobri Dobrev
vclaim-sno-dock-ellis-lsd-nohitter	Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Dock Ellis hurled a no-hitter while under the influence of LSD.	Did Dock Ellis Pitch a No-Hitter on LSD?
vclaim-sno-doctor-finds-missing-hamster-wedged-into-700-pound-mom	A doctor discovered a boy's missing hamster decomposing between folds of his mother's back fat.	Doctor Finds Boys Missing Hamster Wedged Into 700 Pound Mom’s Back Fat
vclaim-sno-doctor-know	Medicare regulations require that doctors ask patients whether they own guns.	Medicare and Guns
vclaim-sno-doctor-mourning-previously-infertile-mother	An image depicts a obstetrician grieving after his patient gave birth to a long-awaited baby and then died.	Is This a Doctor Mourning a Woman Who Died During Childbirth?
vclaim-sno-doctor-saves-baby-karma	A paramedic saved the doctor who had saved his own life as a baby.	Doctor Saves Baby, Baby Saves Doctor
vclaim-sno-doctor-who-treated-hillary-clinton-dies	A Maryland doctor who participated in a secret surgery to remove a blood clot from Hillary Clinton's brain died suddenly under mysterious circumstances.	Maryland Doctor Who Treated Hillary Clinton for Blood Clot on Brain Mysteriously Dies
vclaim-sno-doctored-spock	The son of child care expert Dr. Benjamin Spock killed himself.	Doctored Spock
vclaim-sno-doctors-hpv-vaccine-gardasil	A recent study revealed that one-third of pediatricians refuse to recommend the Gardasil HPV vaccine to patients.	FALSE: One-Third of Doctors Won’t Recommend Gardasil HPV Vaccine
vclaim-sno-doctors-kill-more-people-than-guns	A study proved you're thousands of times more likely to be killed by a doctor than a gun in the United States.	Doctors Kill More People Than Guns?
vclaim-sno-doctors-orders	A woman experiencing difficulty conceiving misunderstands what her gynecologist is proposing to do to rectify the situation.	Doctor’s Orders
vclaim-sno-doctors-warn-baby-wipes	"Doctors are now warning parents to never use baby wipes because they contain a ""chemical"" called methylisothiazolinone."	Did Doctors Warn Never Clean Your Child with Baby Wipes?
vclaim-sno-dod-bullets-into-flowers	The U.S. Army is investigating ways to build biodegradable bullets that will sprout into plants.	Is the Department of Defense Investing in Bullets That Turn into Flowers?
vclaim-sno-dod-drill-coincide-november-demonstrations	"The Department of Defense planned communications drills to coincide with ""antifa protests"" on 4 November 2017."	Is the Department of Defense Planning a Communications Drill to Coincide with ‘Antifa’ Demonstrations?
vclaim-sno-dodge-challenger-elephant-skin	PIctures show that Dodge is offering an elephant skin interior with their new Challenger SRT Hellcat.	New Dodge Challenger Features Elephant Skin Interior
vclaim-sno-dodge-charger-loan-forgiveness	"Democrats proposed a ""Dodge Charger loan forgiveness plan,"" for military troops."	Are Dems Pandering to Troops with A ‘Dodge Charger Loan Forgiveness Plan’?
vclaim-sno-dodged-viper	Snake inadvertently loosed in car leads to an escalating series of accidents.	Snake Causes Car Accident
vclaim-sno-dodging-the-bullets	U.S. troops in Afghanistan have been ordered to carry weapons with no bullets.	U.S. Troops in Afghanistan to Carry WEAPONS with NO BULLETS
vclaim-sno-doe-money-ronald-pelosi	The Department of Energy spent $737 million on SolarReserve to create 45 jobs and benefit Ron Pelosi.	Did the Department of Energy Spend $737 Million to Benefit Ronald Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-doe-run-lead-plant-shutdown	A mass ammunition shortage is expected because President Obama and the EPA shut down the Doe Run lead smelting plant	Doe Run Lead Plant Shut Down to Effect ‘Back Door Gun Control’
vclaim-sno-does-a-video-show-two-men-cash-register	A video shows two men looting a cash register during Tropical Storm Harvey in Texas.	Does a Video Show Two Men Looting a Cash Register During Tropical Storm Harvey?
vclaim-sno-does-arctic-ice-doubt-reality-climate-change	Measurements indicating that 2017 had relatively more sea ice in the Arctic and less melting of glacial ice in Greenland casts scientific doubt on the reality of global warming.	Does an ‘Increase’ in Arctic and Greenland Ice Cast Doubt on the Reality of Global Warming?
vclaim-sno-does-biden-support-green-new-deal	"U.S. 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden does not support the set of climate change proposals set forth by other members of his party known as the ""Green New Deal."""	Does Biden Support the Green New Deal?
vclaim-sno-does-blue-buffalo-contain-toxic-levels-lead	Blue Buffalo pet food contains unsafe and higher-than-average levels of lead.	Does Blue Buffalo Dog Food Contain Toxic Levels of Lead?
vclaim-sno-does-body-replace-itself-seven-years	Every cell in the human body is replaced every seven years.	Does The Human Body Replace Itself Every Seven Years?
vclaim-sno-does-cinderella-surgery-modifies-feet-to-resemble-high-heels	"A photograph shows a foot after ""Cinderella Surgery."""	Does ‘Cinderella Surgery’ Modify Feet to Resemble High Heels?
vclaim-sno-does-covid-stand-for	"""COVID-19"" is named so because it is the 19th ""Chinese-Originated Viral Infectious Disease."""	Does COVID Stand for ‘Chinese-Originated Viral Infectious Disease’?
vclaim-sno-does-delta-airlines-give-planned-parenthood-members-discounted-rates	Delta Air Lines gives members of Planned Parenthood discounted rates on air travel.	Does Delta Airlines Give Planned Parenthood Members Discounted Rates?
vclaim-sno-does-donald-trump-own-a-stake-in-the-dakota-access-pipeline	Donald Trump owns a stake in Energy Transfer Partners (the builders of the Dakota Access Pipeline) as well as Phillips 66, an affiliated company.	Does Donald Trump Own a Stake in the Dakota Access Pipeline?
vclaim-sno-does-eating-carrots-improve-vision	Eating carrots results in significantly improved vision.	Does Eating Carrots Improve Your Vision?
vclaim-sno-does-eyewitness-testimony-second-parkland-shooter	Eyewitness testimony confirms that there was a second shooter during the Parkland, Florida school shooting on 14 February 2018.	Eyewitness Testimony Confirms a Second Parkland Shooter?
vclaim-sno-does-facebooks-bff-prove-account-secure	"You can determine whether your Facebook account is secure by typing ""BFF"" to see if it turns green."	Does Facebook’s Green ‘BFF’ Prove Your Account Is Secure?
vclaim-sno-does-glaxo-own-the-wuhan-lab	The pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline owns the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China.	Does Glaxo Own the ‘Wuhan Lab’?
vclaim-sno-does-jade-sacker-work-for-cnn	"A video shows ""CNN reporter"" Jade Sacker filming a pro-Trump mob storm the U.S. Capitol."	Does Jade Sacker Work for CNN?
vclaim-sno-does-juuling-cancer-young-people	JUULing, or use of a JUUL e-cigarette, has caused cancer in four students.	Has ‘JUULing’ Caused Cancer in High School and College Students?
vclaim-sno-does-law-family-separation-detention-minors	The widely debated practice of separating families at the border is mandated by Public Law 107-296, which was passed by Democrats in 2002.	Does a Specific Law Mandate Family Separation and Detention of Minors?
vclaim-sno-does-list-show-news-system-rigged	"Additional entries to a ""You Had a Hunch the News System Was Rigged?"" list document several familial relationships between prominent U.S. political figures."	Does This List Show ‘The News System is Rigged’?
vclaim-sno-does-luxottica-own-80-of-the-eyeglass-industry	Luxottica controls 80 percent of eyewear brands, several major optometry chains, and the second-largest vision care insurer.	Does Luxottica Own 80% of the Eyeglass Industry?
vclaim-sno-does-nike-own-chevrolet	The Nike sports apparel company owns the Chevrolet automobile brand.	Does Nike Own Chevrolet?
vclaim-sno-does-photo-show-skull-face	A photograph shows a skull-like cloud formation above California.	Does This Photo Capture a Skull-Like Face in the Clouds?
vclaim-sno-does-president-trump-plan-to-end-a-program-funding-heating-for-the-elderly-and-disabled	President Donald Trump has proposed eliminating funding for a program helping low-income families with their heating bills.	Does President Trump Plan to ‘End’ a Program Funding Heating for the Elderly and Disabled?
vclaim-sno-does-psychiatrist-trump-lack-license	Dr. Bandy Lee, who has warned the United States that Donald Trump is dangerously impaired, lacks a medical license.	Does the Psychiatrist Who ‘Diagnosed’ President Trump Lack a License?
vclaim-sno-does-restaurant-tattoo-guarantee-food	People who get tattoos of logos from one of a variety of chain restaurants — such as McDonald's, Taco Bell, and Chipotle — are guaranteed free food there for life.	Does Getting a Restaurant Logo Tattoo Guarantee Free Meals There for Life?
vclaim-sno-does-schumer-have-concealed-permit	Senator Chuck Schumer has a concealed weapons permit.	Does Chuck Schumer Have an Unrestricted Concealed Carry Permit?
vclaim-sno-does-suave-shampoo-cause-hair-loss	Suave brand shampoos and conditioners contains thioglycolic acid and cause hair loss.	Does Suave Shampoo Contain an Ingredient That Causes Hair Loss?
vclaim-sno-does-the-republican-tax-bill-include-a-loophole-benefitting-golf-course-owners	The Republican-sponsored Tax Cuts and Jobs Act includes a deduction benefitting golf course owners.	Does The Republican Tax Bill Include a Tax Loophole Benefitting Golf Course Owners?
vclaim-sno-does-the-supplement-inteligen-increase-intelligence	The new supplement InteliGEN can boost brain function.	Does the Supplement InteliGEN Increase Intelligence?
vclaim-sno-does-trump-loving-celebrity-want-critics-to-move	A famous actor defended President Donald Trump and said that people who criticize the chief executive should leave the United States.	Does This Trump-Loving Celebrity Want Critics to Move Out of the United States?
vclaim-sno-does-trump-weigh-322-pounds	Medical records released after U.S. President Donald Trump tested positive for COVID-19 showed that he weighed 322 pounds.	Does Trump Weigh 322 Pounds?
vclaim-sno-does-welcome-sign-kansas-city-typo	"A ""Welcome to Kansas City"" sign features an amusing, but unfortunate typo welcoming 25 million visitors ""anally,"" not ""annually."""	Does a ‘Welcome to Kansas City’ Sign Contain an Unfortunate Typo?
vclaim-sno-dog-and-human-mouths	A dog's mouth is cleaner than a human's.	Dog Mouths vs. Human Mouths
vclaim-sno-dog-and-human-years	One year of human time is the equivalent of seven years in a dog's age.	Dog Years vs. Human Years
vclaim-sno-dog-and-otters	A photograph shows a wet dog surrounded by a group of otters.	One of These Dogs Is Not Like the Otters
vclaim-sno-dog-climbs-ladder	A TikTok video shows home security camera footage of a golden retriever climbing a ladder to the roof of a house.	TikTok Video Shows Dog Climbing Ladder Onto Roof?
vclaim-sno-dog-defecate-10-downing-street	A photograph shows a dog defecating on the steps of 10 Downing Street.	Did a Dog Defecate on the Steps of 10 Downing Street?
vclaim-sno-dog-flu	A virus deadly to dogs has been spreading in the canine population of the U.S.	Dog Flu
vclaim-sno-dog-found-mummified-inside-tree	"A photograph shows a dog that was ""mummified"" inside the trunk of a tree."	Was This Dog Found ‘Mummified’ Inside the Trunk of a Tree?
vclaim-sno-dog-gone-2	An opportunistic eagle makes off with a prized poodle, to the horror of its owner (and the delight of her husband).	Eagle Takes Poodle
vclaim-sno-dog-island	"A sanctuary for dogs is maintained on a ""dog island"" off the coast of Florida."	Is Dog Island Real?
vclaim-sno-dog-killed-by-tennis-ball	A dog was killed when it bit into a tennis ball booby-trapped with explosives.	Was a Dog Killed by a Tennis Ball?
vclaim-sno-dog-mayor-rabbit-hash	A dog was elected as mayor of a small Kentucky town.	Was a Dog Elected Mayor of Rabbit Hash, Kentucky?
vclaim-sno-dog-named-parrot	A dog named Parrot was murdered by a police officer during a Washington DC festival.	Dog Named Parrot
vclaim-sno-dog-packs	Cigarette packs were once redeemable to help the blind defray the cost of purchasing seeing-eye dogs.	Cigarette Coupons for Seeing Eye Dogs
vclaim-sno-dog-rescue-beaver-mistake-surprise	A man walking his dogs in the woods in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, stumbled upon a cage with a heavy chain and saw what he thought was a beaver. It turned out to be a dog.	Did an Oklahoma Man Rescue a Dog That Had Been Chained to a Cage in the Woods?
vclaim-sno-dog-saves-abandoned-newborn	Photographs show a dog saving an abandoned newborn child.	Dog Saves Abandoned Newborn?
vclaim-sno-dog-sleep-by-his-masters-grave	A photograph shows a dog named Captain who slept next to his owner's grave for 7 years.	Did This Dog Sleep by His Master’s Grave Every Night for 7 Years?
vclaim-sno-dog-star	A stray pit bull saved a woman by chasing off a knife-wielding attacker.	Stray Pit Bull Saves a Woman and Child from Attacker
vclaim-sno-dog-the-bounty-hunter-dead	"In November 2019, Duane Chapman, known as ""Dog the Bounty Hunter,"" died either by suicide or from a pulmonary embolism."	No, ‘Dog the Bounty Hunter’ Is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-dogs-99-percent-wolf	Dogs and wolves are genetically 99.9% identical.	Are Dogs Really 99.9% Wolf?
vclaim-sno-dogs-and-ice-water	Giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day is likely to cause your pet to die from bloating and spasms.	Is Ice Water Dangerous for Dogs?
vclaim-sno-dogs-face-burned-fire	A photograph shows a dog that suffered burns on its face after escaping a house fire.	Was This Dog’s Face Burned in a Fire?
vclaim-sno-dogs-hot-car-police-message	Police have officially approved a series of steps you can take to avoid criminal charges when breaking a window to save a dog or baby from a hot car.	Did Police Give Instructions for Citizens Rescuing Dogs from Hot Cars?
vclaim-sno-dogs-jealousy-study	A study showed that dogs could show jealousy if they caught their owners behaving sweetly toward other dogs.	Did a Study Show That Dogs Exhibit Jealousy?
vclaim-sno-dogs-watch-bathroom	Domestic dogs stand guard when their owners go to the bathroom, an evolutionary strategy they carry from wolves that is meant to protect pack members in vulnerable moments.	Do Dogs Watch You Go to the Bathroom To Protect You?
vclaim-sno-doh	Play-Doh brand modeling compound started out as a wallpaper cleaner.	Play-Doh Origins
vclaim-sno-doj-change-domestic-violence-definition	The DOJ changed the definition of domestic violence on their website without explanation.	Did the DOJ Change the Definition of Domestic Violence on Their Website Without Explanation?
vclaim-sno-doj-most-dangerous-vaccine	The U.S. Department of Justice admitted that the flu shot is the most dangerous vaccine in America.	Did the DOJ Admit the Flu Shot Is the “Most Dangerous” Vaccine in America?
vclaim-sno-doj-women-skirts-christian	In a brief before the U.S. Supreme Court in Harris Homes v. EEOC, the Department of Justice argued that employers should be allowed to force female employees to wear skirts, if the employer was Christian.	Did DOJ Say Christian Employers Should Be Allowed to Force Women to Wear Skirts?
vclaim-sno-doll-talk	A Mattel talking doll uttered the phrases ‘Islam is the light’ and ‘Satan is king.’	Pro-Islam Doll
vclaim-sno-dollar-general-coupon	Facebook users can receive a $150 coupon for Dollar General by liking and sharing a post.	Dollar General $150 Coupon
vclaim-sno-dollar-store	U.S.	'No God But Allah' Dollars
vclaim-sno-dollar-tree-closing-stores	Dollar General, Family Dollar, or Dollar Tree is closing all stores.	Dollar Tree Closing All Stores?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-2-songs-one-day	"Dolly Parton wrote ""Jolene"" and ""I Will Always Love You"" in one day."	Did Dolly Parton Write ‘Jolene’ and ‘I Will Always Love You’ in One Day?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-dixie-offensive	"Singer Dolly Parton said of the use of the word ""Dixie"" in her ""Dixie Stampede"" dinner attraction: When ""you realize that [something] is a problem, you should fix it. Don’t be a dumbass."""	Did Dolly Parton Say This About ‘Dixie’ Being An ‘Offensive’ Word?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-facial-paralysis	Parton was diagnosed with Bell's Palsy, a condition that causes facial paralysis.	Is U.S. Singer, Actress Dolly Parton Paralyzed in the Face?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-fund-covid-vaccine	Country music icon Dolly Parton helped fund Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine.	Did Dolly Parton Help Fund a COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-husband	Dolly Parton's husband, Carl Dean, is fake.	Is Dolly Parton Married to an Imaginary Man?
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-said-californias-biblical-disasters-punishment-embracing-satan	Dolly Parton said that the people of California were being punished with droughts, fires, mudslides and other natural disasters as punishment for embracing Satan.	Dolly Parton Said California’s ‘Biblical Disasters’ Were Punishment For ‘Embracing Satan?’
vclaim-sno-dolly-parton-trashes-hillary-clinton	Dolly Parton publicly criticized Hillary Clinton and endorsed Donald Trump.	Dolly Parton ‘Trashes’ Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-dolphin-bubbles-rings-video	A video shows dolphins creating and playing with bubble rings.	Does This Video Show Dolphins Creating Bubbles?
vclaim-sno-dolphin-caught-in-hurricane-winds	A photographer captured an image of a dolphin caught in strong winds from Hurricane Matthew.	Is This a Dolphin Caught in Hurricane Winds?
vclaim-sno-dolphin-hunt-faroe	Photographs show a Calderon dolphin hunt taking place in Denmark.	Do These Pictures Show a Dolphin Hunt in Denmark’s Faroe Islands?
vclaim-sno-dolphins-swans-italy-lockdown	"Amid a nationwide COVID-19 lockdown, Italians reported seeing wildlife such as swans and dolphins ""returning"" to newly tranquil waterways, ports, and canals."	Did Dolphins and Swans ‘Return’ to Italian Waterways Amid COVID-19 Lockdown?
vclaim-sno-domain-thing	Companies choose domain names with unintendedly risqué double meanings.	Are These Unintentionally Risqué Domain Names Real?
vclaim-sno-domestic-relations	A celebrity is mistaken for a gardener and answers the slight with the ultimate comeback.	Mistaken for Servant
vclaim-sno-domestic-violence-super-bowl-sunday	More women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than on any other day of the year.	Does Most Domestic Violence Occur on Super Bowl Sunday?
vclaim-sno-dominion-deleted-trump-votes	Dominion Voting Systems deleted 2.7 million votes that were cast for U.S. President Donald Trump in 2020.	Did Dominion Voting Systems Delete 2.7M Trump Votes?
vclaim-sno-dominion-peter-neffenger-biden	"A member of U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's transition team, Peter Neffenger, served as chairman of Dominion Voting's ""subsidiary,"" Smartmatic."	Is Dominion ‘Subsidiary’ Chairman Peter Neffenger on Biden’s Transition Team?
vclaim-sno-dominion-servers-germany-seized	A voting systems server seized by the U.S. military in Germany proved Donald Trump won the 2020 election in an electoral landslide.	Did a ‘Seized’ Server in Germany Prove Trump Won 410 Electoral Votes?
vclaim-sno-dominos-coupon-scam	The Domino's pizza chain is offering coupons for two free large pizzas to social media users who fill out an online survey.	No, Domino’s Is Not Offering Free Online Coupons for 2 Large Pizzas
vclaim-sno-dominos-pizza-data-journalist	Domino’s, the pizza chain, is hiring a data journalist in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Is Domino’s Pizza Hiring a Data Journalist?
vclaim-sno-dominos-pizza-ethiopia-pirates	A Domino's pizza restaurant in Ethiopia was forced to mount an armed defense against an attack from pirates.	Did a Domino’s Pizza in Ethiopia Sustain Attacks from Pirates?
vclaim-sno-dominos-pizza-paving	In mid-2018, Domino's Pizza began giving cities and towns grants for street repairs.	Is Domino’s Pizza Paving Roads?
vclaim-sno-dominos-pizza-saves-life	Domino's Pizza workers saved a loyal customer's life after recognizing he hadn't ordered in almost two weeks.	Did Domino’s Pizza Workers Save a Loyal Customer’s Life?
vclaim-sno-don-knotts-statue-removed	A statue of comedian Don Knotts in West Virginia is being removed.	Will Don Knotts Statue Be Removed in West Virginia?
vclaim-sno-don-lemon-terror-threat	"CNN host Don Lemon said ""the biggest terror threat in this country is white men."""	Did CNN’s Don Lemon Say the ‘Biggest Terror Threat in This Country Is White Men’?
vclaim-sno-don-moen-death-hoax	"In July 2017, Don Moen died of ""stomach pain""."	Is Pastor and Gospel Singer Don Moen Dead After a Short Illness?
vclaim-sno-don-rickles-roasts-congress	Collection reproduces jokes about Democratic politicians by Don Rickles.	Don Rickles Roasts Congress… and Barack Obama
vclaim-sno-don-trump-bulk-book-buying	"A Russian copper company bought 70,000 copies of Donald Trump, Jr.'s new book ""Triggered."""	Did Russian Copper Company Buy Up 70K Copies of Don Trump, Jr.’s New Book?
vclaim-sno-don39t-jaywalk-in-detroit	Video shows a pedestrian being run over and beaten in Detroit.	Don't Jaywalk in Detroit
vclaim-sno-don39t-tread-on-me	"Navy SEALs were ordered to discontinue wearing the ""Don't Tread on Me"" uniform patch because it is too closely associated with ""radical groups."""	Navy SEALs Ordered to Remove ‘Don’t Tread on Me’ Patches
vclaim-sno-donald-drumpf	"Donald Trump's ancestors changed their surname from ""Drumpf"" to ""Trump."""	Was Donald Trump’s Family Surname Once ‘Drumpf’?
vclaim-sno-donald-j-trump-state-park	The Donald J. Trump State Park between New York’s Putnam and Westchester counties is a real, functional state park.	Is the Donald J. Trump State Park in New York Real?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-30-men-maternity-care	U.S. President Donald Trump met with 30 men in the U.S. House of Representatives' Freedom Caucus to discuss maternity care.	Did Trump Meet with 30 Men in Congress to Discuss Maternity Care?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-7-11	"Donald Trump mentioned ""seven eleven""  rather than ""nine eleven"" when referring to the September 11 terrorist attacks."	Did Trump Refer to “7/11″ Rather Than 9/11”?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-adolf-hitler	Donald Trump is directly related to Adolf Hitler.	Is Donald Trump Related to Adolf Hitler?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-africans-lazy-stealing	"Donald Trump said Africans are ""lazy fools only good at eating, lovemaking and thuggery."""	Did Trump Say Africans Are “Lazy Fools Only Good at Eating, Lovemaking and Thuggery”?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-appoints-kanye-west-to-cabinet-position	President-Elect Donald Trump appointed Kanye West to a cabinet position.	Donald Trump Appoints Kanye West to Cabinet Position?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-arrested-virus-warning	A computer virus is being spread via social media using pictures of Donald Trump being arrested.	‘Donald Trump Arrested’ Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-bashes-jesus	"Donald Trump bashed Jesus, saying that he could save America without some ""silly cross."""	Donald Trump Bashes Jesus, Says He Can Save America?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-bernie-sanders-gas-chamber	Donald Trump tweeted an image in which he was depicted placing Bernie Sanders into a gas chamber.	FALSE: Trump Tweets Image of Bernie Sanders in Gas Chamber
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-born-in-the-philippines	Donald Trump was born in the Philippines, and not Queens, New York, as he claims.	Was Donald Trump Born in the Philippines?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-brain-tumor	Donald Trump dropped out of the presidential race in August 2016 due to a brain tumor.	After Colonoscopy Reveals Brain Tumor, Donald Trump Drops from Race
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-brokers-deal-with-carrier-to-keep-jobs-in-america	Trump arranged a deal with Carrier that kept a thousand jobs in the United States.	Donald Trump Brokers Deal With Carrier to Keep Jobs in America
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-browser-filter	A browser extension can eliminate all mention of Donald Trump from a user's online experience.	Donald Trump Browser Filter
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-buys-children	A video report from CNN shows Donald Trump purchasing a car and two children.	Donald Trump Buys Children
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-called-canadians-snow-mexicans	"Donald Trump referred to Canadians as ""snow Mexicans"" in a 22 February 2016 tweet."	Donald Trump Called Canadians ‘Snow Mexicans’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-called-president-obama-a-lying-nr	"Republican nominee Donald Trump called President Barack Obama a ""lying n*****r"" during a confrontation."	Donald Trump Called President Obama a ‘Lying N****r’?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-campaign-joke	Donald Trump announced that his 2016 Presidential campaign was an April Fool's Day joke.	Donald Trump Announces His Campaign Is a Joke
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-carrier-stock	Donald Trump owns Carrier, or a significant stake in its parent company, United Technologies.	Does Donald Trump Own Carrier or Its Stock?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-casting-call	"A casting call for a Latina actress to play a ""Donald Trump Executive Assistant Supporter"" was posted by the republican presidential candidate."	Donald Trump Isn’t Hiring a Latina Actress to Play His Assistant
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-children-immigrant	Four of Donald Trump's children would have been deported under his strict policy proposal against birthright citizenship.	Would Donald Trump Deport His Children?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-civil-war-monument	A plaque displayed on a golf course owned by President Trump commemorates a Civil War battle that never happened.	Did a Trump Golf Course Commemorate a Civil War Battle That Never Happened?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-crying-baby	Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump kicked a crying baby out of a political rally.	Donald Trump Kicked a Crying Baby Out of a Political Rally
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-date-daughter	Donald Trump said that he'd like to date his daughter Ivanka.	Did Donald Trump Say He’d Like to Date His Daughter?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-didnt-say-vets-with-ptsd-are-weak	"Donald Trump said veterans suffering from PTSD are ""weak,"" ""unfit,"" and ""can't handle"" military service."	Donald Trump Didn’t Say Vets with PTSD Are ‘Weak’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-disqualified-president	Donald Trump has been disqualified from running for President due to his comments about Muslims.	Trump Disqualified from Being President?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-dogs-disgusting	"Donald Trump once said ""I never understood why people like dogs. Dogs are disgusting."""	Did Donald Trump Proclaim That ‘Dogs Are Disgusting’?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-donated-100k-la	Donald Trump donated flood relief money to the president of an anti-gay hate group.	Donald Trump Donated $100k to Anti-Gay Hate Group Instead of Louisiana Flood Victims?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-ex-wives-abortions	Donald Trump ex-wives admitted that the Republican Presidential candidate forced them to have abortions.	Donald Trump’s Ex-Wives Speak Out on ‘Forced Abortions’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-fake-tweet	"Donald Trump tweeted that his ""grandparents didn't come to America"" to see the country taken over by immigrants."	A Fake Tweet from Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-father-kkk-1927	Donald Trump's father was arrested following a Ku Klux Klan-related altercation in 1927.	Was Donald Trump’s Father Arrested at a KKK Rally?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-fifth-avenue-comment	"Donald Trump claimed he could ""stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody"" and not ""lose any voters."""	Donald Trump ‘Fifth Avenue’ Comment
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-flag-salute	Donald Trump failed to  place his hand over his heart during the playing of the U.S. national anthem at the beginning of a GOP debate.	Donald Trump Doesn’t Salute the Flag?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-ghislaine-maxwell	Photographs and videos show President Trump and Ghislaine Maxwell together.	Are These Images of Donald Trump and Ghislaine Maxwell Real?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-global-warming-hoax	"Donald Trump has called global warming a ""hoax"" on multiple occasions."	Did Donald Trump Claim Global Warming Is a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-golf-course	An unflattering photograph shows President Trump playing a round of golf.	Is This President Trump at the Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-goya-beans	U.S. President Donald Trump promoted Goya brand foods from his desk in the Oval Office.	Did Trump Promote Goya Foods from the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-grandfather-prostitution	Donald Trump's grandfather Frederick Trump was a pimp and drug dealer who made his fortune running a brothel and opium den.	Did Donald Trump’s Grandfather Make His Fortune in Prostitution?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-hat-china	The hats for Donald Trump’s campaign are manufactured in China.	Are Donald Trump’s “Make America Great Again” Caps Made in China?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-haters-and-losers	"In 2013, Donald Trump extended his best wishes to all, even the ""haters and losers,"" via Twitter on the anniversary of 9/11."	‘Haters and Losers’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-incitement-violence	A viral cartoon accurately reproduced statements made by Donald Trump on the presidential campaign trail.	Did Donald Trump Encourage Violence at His Rallies?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-iphone-tweet	Donald Trump called for a boycott of all Apple products in a tweet sent from his iPhone.	Donald Trump iPhone Boycott Tweet Controversy
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-iraq-war	Donald Trump expressed strong opposition to the war in Iraq before it began in 2003.	Was Trump Against the Iraq War from the Beginning?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-jesus-muslims	Donald Trump said that he doesn't like Muslims because they killed Jesus.	Donald Trump Blames Muslims for Death of Jesus
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-jr-teachers	"Donald Trump, Jr. referred to teachers as ""losers"" at a campaign event."	Did Donald Trump, Jr. Call Teachers ‘Losers’ at His Father’s Rally in Texas?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-jr-tweet	Donald Trump Jr. tweeted that the family's greenskeeper missed his own sister's wedding in order to work for the Trumps.	Donald Trump Jr.: Our Greenskeeper Skipped His Sister’s Wedding
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-kent-state	Donald Trump said in the good old days, protesters were harshly dealt with and carried away on stretchers.	Donald Trump ‘Protester’ Quote/Kent State Comparison
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-kkk-supporters	A photograph shows two Ku Klux Klan members dressed in white robes showing support for Donald Trump at the Nevada caucus.	Did Donald Trump Supporters Wear KKK Robes to the Nevada Caucus?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-klinefelter-syndrome	"A ""YXX"" notation on Donald Trump's Selective Service record indicates he suffers from the genetic condition Klinefelter syndrome."	Does Donald Trump Have Klinefelter Syndrome?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-lie-truth	"Donald Trump wrote in ""The Art of the Deal"" that if you tell people a lie three times, they will believe it."	Three Times a Liar?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-lincoln-success	A meme reproduces Donald Trump's explanation of why Abraham Lincoln succeeded as a president.	Donald Trump Explains Why Lincoln Succeeded
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-lumberton-nc	Donald Trump donated food and supplies to Lumberton, North Carolina, and other towns ravaged by Hurricane Matthew.	Donald Trump Donated Food, Supplies to Victims of Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-melania-trump-stormy-daniels	A photograph shows President Donald Trump with his wife Melania Trump and his alleged mistress Stormy Daniels.	Donald Trump, Melania Trump, and Stormy Daniels?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-mike-pence-logo	Donald Trump and Mike Pence did not steal their campaign logo from a Nevada brothel.	Trump/Pence Logo Taken from ‘T Laying P Ranch’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-military-training-quote	Donald Trump said that he got more military training at prep school than a lot of people who actually joined the military.	Donald Trump Compared Prep School to Military Service?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-muslims-id	Donald Trump stated that Muslims should be made to wear identifying badges.	Did Trump Say Muslims Should Be Required to Wear Badges?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-nazi-salute	Donald Trump encouraged supporters to engage in a Nazi-style salute at a campaign rally.	Donald Trump Nazi Salute Controversy
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-new-mexico	Donald Trump said that the United States should build a fence around New Mexico.	Did Donald Trump Advocate “Build a Fence Around New Mexico”?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-new-yorker	The New Yorker published a surprisingly effusive item praising the political acumen of Donald Trump, penned by a Bloomberg reporter.	Donald Trump Editorial via The New Yorker?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-nigeria-quote	Donald Trump said that he will deport all Nigerians if he gets elected president.	FALSE: Donald Trump Said He Would Deport All Nigerians
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-no-wig-or-makeup	"Photograph shows Donald Trump with ""no wig or makeup."""	Image of Donald Trump with No Wig or Makeup
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-nobel-peace-prize	U.S. President Donald Trump has been awarded the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize.	Has Donald Trump Won the Nobel Peace Prize?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-nyma-iq	A document discovered in May 2019 reveals that Donald Trump's IQ was measured at 73 during his high school years.	Was Donald Trump’s IQ Measured at 73?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-on-obamacare	Donald Trump issued a pithy criticism of Obamacare.	Donald Trump on Obamacare
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-paris-hilton	Donald Trump said he found 12-year-old Paris Hilton to be beautiful and sexually attractive.	Did Trump Say He Found 12-Year-Old Paris Hilton Beautiful and Sexually Attractive?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-plans-to-declare-war-on-americans	Donald Trump stated he would declare war on Americans or people inside the U.S. if elected President.	Donald Trump Plans to Declare War on Americans?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-play-doh-lousiana	Donald Trump donated Play-Doh brand modeling clay to Louisiana flood victims.	Donald Trump Donated Play-Doh, Other Items to Louisiana Flood Victims?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-portuguese-people	"Donald Trump said that ""Portuguese people are the same as Spanish, but with worse wine."""	Donald Trump ‘Portuguese People’ Quote
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-praises-colonel-sanders	President Trump praised KFC founder Colonel Sanders, who wasn't born until 1890, for his service during the Civil War.	Donald Trump Praises Colonel Sanders for His Service in the Civil War?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-primary-ballots	Donald Trump was removed from GOP primary ballots in five states.	FALSE: Donald Trump Removed From Primary Ballots
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-protester-isis-video	A video provides evidence that a protester who was arrested at a Donald Trump rally was a member of ISIS.	Donald Trump Protester Was Not ISIS Member
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-protester-speaks-out	A man came forward and claimed he had been paid $3,500 to protest at a Donald Trump rally.	Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: “I Was Paid $3,500 to Protest Trump’s Rally”
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-puerto-ricans	Donald Trump said that he would revoke U.S. citizenship from all Puerto Ricans if elected president.	Did Trump Say He’ll Revoke U.S. Citizenship of All Puerto Ricans?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-punched-teacher	Donald Trump wrote in 'The Art of the Deal' that he punched out his second grade music teacher.	Donald Trump Gave His 2nd Grade Music Teacher a Black Eye
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-punishment-for-abortion	"Donald Trump said there should be ""some form of punishment"" for women who have abortions."	Donald Trump Supports ‘Some Form of Punishment’ for Abortions
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-purge-slogan	"President Donald Trump's proposed 2020 re-election campaign slogan (""Keep America Great"") was used in a 'Purge' film."	Was Donald Trump’s Proposed Re-Election Slogan Used for a ‘Purge’ Film?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-queen-england	"Queen Elizabeth said that she would ""take America back"" if Donald Trump gets elected president."	The Queen of England Promises to ‘Take Back’ America If Trump Is Elected
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-racist-meme	Donald Trump was never accused of racism before he ran for president in 2016.	Was Donald Trump Never Accused of Racism Before Running Against Democrats?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-regretful-tweet	Donald Trump tweeted and deleted a candid, regretful statement in the early hours of New Year's Day.	Did Donald Trump Tweet and Delete New Year’s Eve Regrets Over Winning?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-remain-apprentice-inauguration	"Donald Trump will be a ""part-time President"" and keep his job on ""Celebrity Apprentice."""	Donald Trump to Remain on ‘The Apprentice’ after Inauguration
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-removed-pro-life-from-his-policies	"All mentions of ""pro-life"" were scrubbed from the Donald J. Trump campaign web site 12 hours after he was elected president."	Donald Trump Removed ‘Pro-Life’ from His Policies 12 Hours After Election?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-said-kiss-your-section-8-welfare-and-medicaid-goodbye	Donald Trump said that he planns to eradicate Section 8 housing, welfare, and Medicaid.	Donald Trump Said: ‘Kiss your Section 8, Welfare and Medicaid Goodbye’?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-sanders-shirt	"A photograph shows a woman holding a Trump campaign sign and wearing a ""Bernie Sanders Is a Communist"" shirt."	Is This a Trump Supporter Wearing a “Bernie Sanders Is a Communist” Shirt?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-says-hell-legalize-weed-in-every-state	Donald Trump will legalize marijuana in all 50 states.	Donald Trump Says He’ll Legalize Weed In Every State
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-says-the-earth-is-flat	Donald Trump said that he believes that the Earth is flat.	Did Donald Trump Say the Earth Is Flat?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-sentence	A tweet reproduces a 90-second long sentence from a Donald Trump speech.	Donald Trump’s ‘Nuclear’ Speech
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-serena-williams-wimbledon	Donald Trump called Serena Williams his 'Black American woman friend' on Twitter after the tennis star won her 7th Wimbledon title.	Donald Trump Congratulates Serena Williams
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-shirts-trmup	A group of Trump supporters misspelled the candidate's name on their shirts.	FALSE: Trump Supporters Misspelled His Name with Shirts
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-stiffed-his-wedding-caterer	Donald Trump stiffed the caterer he hired for his wedding to Marla Maples in 1993.	Donald Trump Stiffed His Wedding Caterer?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-swastika-logo	Donald Trump's presidential campaign unveiled a new logo resembling a swastika.	Did Donald Trump’s Campaign Unveil a Swastika-Like Logo?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-tax-return-hack	Donald Trump's tax returns were posted online after the IRS database was hacked.	Anonymous Hacks IRS Database – Publishes Trump’s Tax Returns
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-terrorism-tweet	"Donald Trump tweeted that he appreciated ""the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism"" after a mass shooting in Orlando."	Trump Tweets That He ‘Appreciates the Congrats’ on Being Right About Terrorism
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-the-snake	"A video showcasing footage of violent refugees features audio of Donald Trump reciting the lyrics to a song entitled ""The Snake."""	Donald Trump Reads ‘The Vicious Snake’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-themed-ornaments-made-in-china	Donald Trump's Christmas ornaments were all made in China.	Donald Trump-Themed Ornaments Made in China
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-threatens-arrest-alec-baldwin	Donald Trump threatened via Twitter to arrest actor Alec Baldwin for sedition.	Did Donald Trump Threaten to Arrest Alec Baldwin?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-tubman	Donald Trump said that Harriet Tubman's face belongs on food stamps, not the $20 bill.	Donald Trump Says Harriet Tubman Face Belongs on Foodstamps
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-tupac-photo	A photograph captures Donald Trump hanging out with musician Tupac Shakur.	Is This a Photograph of Donald Trump with Tupac Shakur?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-tweet-melania-ivanka	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that he loves the Chinese people ""just as I love Melania or Ivanka!"""	Did Donald Trump Tweet That He Loves the Chinese People Like He Loves Melania or Ivanka?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-tweet-warnings-obama-ordering-syrian-airstrikes	Donald Trump leveled the same criticisms against President Barack Obama over Syrian strikes that were later used against him.	Did Donald Trump Tweet Warnings About Obama Ordering Syrian Airstrikes?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-twitter-plant-clinton	Donald Trump admitted on Twitter that he was a political plant for Hillary Clinton.	Donald Trump Just Admitted He Was a Hillary Clinton Plant the Whole Time
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-utah-tweet-fake	Donald Trump issued a tweet making disparaging comments about Utah.	Donald Trump: Utah Is a ‘Boring, Small State’ with ‘Strange People’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-vp-arpaio	Sheriff Joe Arpaio has been named as Donald Trump's running mate.	FALSE: Donald Trump Announces Sheriff Joe Arpaio As His VP Running Mate
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-was-born-in-pakistan	Donald Trump was born 'Dawood Ibrahim Khan' in Pakistan.	Was Donald Trump Born in Pakistan?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-watches-gorilla-channel	"Michael Wolff wrote in his book ""Fire and Fury"" that White House aides created a fake ""Gorilla Channel"" to placate President Donald Trump."	Does Donald Trump Watch ‘The Gorilla Channel’?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-wealthy-great-quote	"Donald Trump said, ""you have to be wealthy in order to be great."""	Donald Trump: ‘You Have to Be Wealthy in Order to Be Great’
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-with-liberace	A photograph shows President Donald Trump sitting with Liberace.	Is this Donald Trump Sitting with Liberace?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-wrote-that-being-an-atheist-gave-him-a-business-edge	"Trump's 1987 book The Art of the Deal says that being an atheist gives Trump ""an edge in every deal."""	Donald Trump Wrote that Being an Atheist Gives Him a Business Edge?
vclaim-sno-donald-trump-yacht-boarding	Donald Trump once refused to allow a marine engineer on board his yacht because the man was black.	Did Donald Trump Prevent a Black Man from Boarding His Yacht?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-golden-toilet	A photograph shows Donald Trump's solid-gold toilet.	Is This Donald Trump’s Solid-Gold Toilet?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-harvard-rejection-letter	An image shows the rejection letter Donald Trump received from Harvard University.	Donald Trump’s Harvard Rejection Letter
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-hollywood-star	Visitors to Hollywood's Walk of Fame regularly defecate on Donald Trump's star.	Are People Pooping on Donald Trump’s Hollywood Star?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-intelligence-quotient	Donald Trump's IQ, at 156, is comparable to that of the smartest U.S. presidents.	Is This Donald Trump’s Intelligence Quotient?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-marine-airlift	Donald Trump personally sent out an airplane to bring home U.S. military members stranded in Florida.	Did Donald Trump Transport Stranded Troops on His Own Airplane?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-mother-immigrant	Mary Anne MacLeod, President Donald Trump’s mother, illegally immigrated to the United States in 1929.	Was Donald Trump’s Mother an Undocumented Immigrant?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-mother-photo	An photograph shows Donald Trump's mother, Mary Anne MacLeod Trump.	Is This a Photograph of Donald Trump’s Mother?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-parents-kkk	A photograph shows Donald Trump posing with his parents in Ku Klux Klan robes.	Donald Trump’s Parents Wore Ku Klux Klan Attire?
vclaim-sno-donald-trumps-son-game-hunting-photos	Photographs show Donald Trump's sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, posing during a big game hunting trip.	Donald Trump’s Sons in Game-Hunting Photos?
vclaim-sno-donald-tump-ffa-farmers-president	In October 2018, Donald Trump became the first sitting U.S. president in 27 years to speak at the national Future Farmers of America national convention.	Was Donald Trump the First President Since 1991 to Speak at the Future Farmers of America Convention?
vclaim-sno-donated-hair	Locks of Love sells most donated hair for profit and charges ailing children exorbitant amounts for wigs.	Does Locks of Love Sell Donated Hair?
vclaim-sno-donated-toys-returned	Photographs document toys from Christmas drives for the needy that were exchanged at Walmart in order to purchase beer and cigarettes.	Do These Photos Show Store Returns Full of Donated Toys?
vclaim-sno-donkey-hokey-2	More people are killed by donkeys every year than die in airplane accidents.	Donkey Deaths
vclaim-sno-donkey-kong-mistranslation	The title of the arcade game 'Donkey Kong' was the result of a mistranslation.	Was the Name ‘Donkey Kong’ the Result of a Mistranslation?
vclaim-sno-donna-brazile-leaves-cnn	Donna Brazile was fired from CNN after leaked e-mails suggested she used her position to pass information to the Clinton campaign about upcoming appearances.	Donna Brazile Leaves CNN After Leaks Reveal Campaign Collusion
vclaim-sno-donna-hylton-speak-dnc	Donna Hylton, who was convicted of the 1985 kidnapping, torture, and murder of a real estate broker, spoke at the Democratic National Convention in August 2020.	Did Criminal Justice Activist Donna Hylton Speak at the Democratic National Convention?
vclaim-sno-donor-demised	Doctors let die those patients who’ve indicated they’ll donate their organs.	Organ Donors Not Saved
vclaim-sno-dont-be-a-sucker-film	A U.S. War Department film from the 1940s warns Americans that political rhetoric condemning minorities and foreigners is a precursor to fascist movements like Nazism.	Did a 1940s U.S. War Department Film Compare Anti-Minority Hate Speech to Nazi Propaganda?
vclaim-sno-dont-call-me-maam	Letter chides Senator Barbara Boxer for asking a general to address her as “Senator.”	Jim Hill’s Letter to Barbara Boxer
vclaim-sno-dont-fish-too-close-to-the-bank	Photographs show human remains discovered inside a crocodile.	Human Remains Found in Crocodile
vclaim-sno-dont-forget-the-coffee	An airline pilot who inadvertently made a risqué comment over an open microphone.	Don’t Forget the Coffee!
vclaim-sno-dont-like-mondays	"The 1979 Boomtown Rats song ""I Don't Like Mondays"" was inspired by a deadly shooting at a school."	I Don’t Like Mondays
vclaim-sno-dont-mess-with-texas	Twenty members of the Westboro Baptist Church were arrested attempting to protest a memorial service at Baylor University.	Westboro Baptist Church Picketers Arrested in Texas?
vclaim-sno-dont-selfie-your-ballot	Taking a photograph of your ballot and posting it to the internet is illegal or will invalidate your vote.	Don’t Selfie Your Ballot?
vclaim-sno-dont-spare-the-horses	Budweiser is ditching their famous Clydesdale ads in an effort to appeal to millennials.	Budweiser Clydesdales
vclaim-sno-dont-stream-and-drive-video	A video shows a driver getting into a car crash during a Facebook live stream.	Does the ‘Don’t Stream and Drive’ Video Show a Real Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-dont-whizz-on-the-electric-fence	Photograph shows a patient who received a severe penile burn from urinating on an electric fence.	Does a Photograph Show a Penile Burn from an Electric Fence?
vclaim-sno-dont-worry-be-dead	Bobby McFerrin, the artist who sang “Don’t Worry, Be Happy,” killed himself.	Bobby McFerrin Suicide Rumor
vclaim-sno-dontray-mills	A man named Dontray Mills was convicted of multiple gun trafficking offenses but was pardoned by President Obama.	Did President Obama Plea Bargain Gun Trafficker Dontray Mills?
vclaim-sno-doom-bands	Rainbow loom bands have been pulled from the market because they are carcinogenic.	Loom Bands Cancer Risk
vclaim-sno-doomsday-planes-trump-covid	"U.S. President Donald Trump's diagnosis with COVID-19 spurred the launch of ""doomsday planes."""	Were ‘Doomsday Planes’ Mobilized After Trump’s COVID-19 Diagnosis?
vclaim-sno-doomsday-seed-vault-flooded	The Svalbard Global Seed Vault, built to maintain Earth’s botanical genetic diversity in the face of future calamities, flooded due to melting permafrost.	Did the ‘Doomsday’ Seed Vault Flood Due to Global Warming?
vclaim-sno-doonesbury-predicted-trump	A Doonesbury comic from 1999 predicted Donald Trump's presidential run in 2016.	‘Doonesbury’ Predicted Trump’s 2016 Presidential Run?
vclaim-sno-doritos-coupons	Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free bags of Doritos brand tortilla chips.	Free Doritos Coupons
vclaim-sno-double-bubble	Alka-Seltzer dramatically increased its sales by instructing consumers to use two tablets instead of one.	Alka-Seltzer Marketing
vclaim-sno-double-parked	Photograph shows a pickup truck that a wife crashed into her husband’s Ferrari in the family garage.	Ferrari, Ford F-150 Accident
vclaim-sno-double-stuft-cookie	A husband and wife each won a lottery by playing numbers recommended by a fortune cookie.	Fortune Cookie Lottery Win
vclaim-sno-double-trouble	A video clip shows a man being struck by lightning twice.	Was This Man Struck by Lightning Twice?
vclaim-sno-doubletree-hotel-military-sign	"DoubleTree Hotels displayed a sign reading ""no longer serving military personnel and their guest(s)."""	Did DoubleTree Hotels Display a Sign Denying Service to Military Members?
vclaim-sno-doug-williams-black-quarterback	"Before Super Bowl XXII in 1988, a reporter asked Washington Redskins quarterback Doug Williams, ""How long have you been a black quarterback?"""	Did a Reporter Ask Doug Williams How Long He’d Been a Black Quarterback?
vclaim-sno-dow-jones-losses-republicans	"The seven biggest one-day Dow Jones points drops took place during Republican presidencies, showing that Republicans are not ""good for the economy."""	Does the Dow Jones Do Worse Under Republican Presidents?
vclaim-sno-down-and-out	A Houston restaurant server declined to wait on customers who made derogatory comments about a child with Down syndrome.	Waiter Stands Up for 5-Year-Old Boy with Down Syndrome
vclaim-sno-down-to-lunch-trafficking	The app Down to Lunch is a covert tool for human trafficking.	Down to Lunch Human Trafficking Rumors
vclaim-sno-downy-unstopables-warmer-warning	It's dangerous to put Downy Unstopables (or other laundry fragrance beads) in a tart or wax warmer.	Downy Unstopables Warmer Warning
vclaim-sno-dozens-died-filming-cats	"The credits for the movie ""Cats"" listed dozens of people who died during production."	Did Dozens of People Die During the Production of ‘Cats’ Movie?
vclaim-sno-dpd-car-pregnant	A video taken at a George Floyd protest in Denver on the night of May 29, 2020 shows police officers firing pepper balls at a car after the driver told them the passenger was pregnant.	Did Officers Shoot at a Car After Being Told a Pregnant Woman Was Inside?
vclaim-sno-dr-creep-predict-coronavirus-2013	Dr. Creep, a rapper, predicted the 2020 coronavirus pandemic in his 2013 song “Pandemic,” where he sang: “2020 combined with coronavirus, bodies stacking.”	Did Musician Dr. Creep Predict the COVID Pandemic in a 2013 Song?
vclaim-sno-dr-kermit-gosnell-trial	Dr. Kermit Gosnell is on trial on charges of having committed multiple gruesome and illegal late-term abortions.	Dr. Kermit Gosnell Trial
vclaim-sno-dr-mukwege-coronavirus	Dr. Denis Mukwege said he resigned from the coronavirus task force in the Democratic Republic of the Congo because he was being offered money to falsify COVID-19 cases.	No, Dr. Denis Mukwege Didn’t Say Coronavirus Cases Are Being Falsified
vclaim-sno-dr-pepper-discontinued	Coca-Cola has bought the rights to Dr Pepper and will be discontinuing production of the latter soft drink.	Dr Pepper Bought by Coca-Cola, to Be Discontinued
vclaim-sno-dr-pepper	Dr Pepper is giving away coupons for free soda in conjunction with the release of Guns N’ Roses’	Dr Pepper Free Soda Giveaway
vclaim-sno-dr-phil-divorce-settlement	Dr. Phil's divorce settlement has finally been revealed as $1 million.	Was Dr. Phil’s Divorce Settlement ‘Finally Revealed’ as $1M?
vclaim-sno-dr-phil-personality-test	Text reproduces a “personality test” advocated by Dr. Phil.	Dr. Phil Personality Test
vclaim-sno-dr-phil-robin-mcgraw-divorce	A divorce between television psychologist Dr. Phil McGraw and his wife, Robin McGraw, is in the works.	Are Dr. Phil and Robin McGraw Getting Divorced?
vclaim-sno-dr-roger-hodkinson-covid-hoax	Dr. Roger Hodkinson, the Chairman of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, called COVID-19 a hoax.	Did Dr. Roger Hodkinson Call COVID-19 a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-dr-sam-vaknin	Dr. Sam Vaknin penned an article about the dangers of Barack Obama’s narcissism.	Dr. Sam Vaknin – Barack Obama Is a Narcissist
vclaim-sno-dr-seuss-adolf-wolf	A 1940's Dr. Seuss political cartoon criticized Americans for not caring about the deaths of foreign children.	Did a Dr. Seuss WWII Political Cartoon Criticize America’s Isolationism?
vclaim-sno-dr-seuss-canceled	"A Virginia school system ""canceled"" Dr. Seuss for being racist."	Did a Virginia Public School System ‘Cancel’ Dr. Seuss?
vclaim-sno-dr-seuss-racist-cartoons	Dr. Seuss, children’s book author and illustrator, made a number of cartoons with racist images of Black people — some of whom are in blackface.	Did Dr. Seuss Draw Racist Cartoons?
vclaim-sno-dracula	Bram Stoker's novel 'Dracula' features a titular vampire who cannot expose himself to sunlight and is killed with a wooden stake.	Is Dracula Killed with a Wooden Stake?
vclaim-sno-drag-queen-library-convicted	"Albert Alfonso Garza was convicted of sexually assaulting a boy in 2006, before taking part in ""Drag Queen Storytime"" in a Houston public library in 2017 and 2018."	Did a Convicted Sex Offender Read to Children at a Houston Public Library?
vclaim-sno-drag-queen-library	"In October 2017, a ""demonic"" drag queen read a ""sexually explicit"" book to children at a Long Beach public library named after Michelle Obama."	Did a Drag Queen in a ‘Demonic’ Outfit Read a Sexually Explicit Book to Children at a Public Library?
vclaim-sno-drag-queens-facebook-ban	Facebook warned drag queens that their accounts would be deleted if they do not use their legal names.	Drag Queens Facebook Ban
vclaim-sno-dragon-fell-tibet	A video shows a real dragon that fell from the sky in Tibet.	Does This Video Show a Dragon That Fell from the Sky in Tibet?
vclaim-sno-dragon-over-baseball-stadium	A video shows an augmented reality (AR) dragon flying over a baseball stadium.	Did an AR Dragon Fly Over a Baseball Stadium?
vclaim-sno-dragon-skeleton-discovered-iceland	A dragon skeleton was discovered in northern Iceland.	Dragon Skeleton Discovered in Iceland?
vclaim-sno-dragon-soop-production-rumor	A brewery worker contaminated Dragon Soop products with HIV-infected blood.	Are Dragon Soop Beverages Contaminated with HIV?
vclaim-sno-dragonair-737-typhoon	A video shows DragonAir 737 being spun around in strong winds from a typhoon.	Does This Video Show a DragonAir 737 Caught in a Typhoon?
vclaim-sno-drake-bell-sick-boy	The Make-a-Wish Foundation apologized for sending Drake & Josh star Drake Bell to visit a terminally ill boy, after the boy had requested a visit from the rapper Drake.	Did Make-a-Wish Apologize for Sending the Wrong Drake to Visit a Terminally Ill Boy?
vclaim-sno-drake-is-not-dead	TMZ reported that Drake was involved in a drive-by shooting and died at the age of 34. Genius also reported that Drake's family confirmed his passing.	No, Drake Is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-drake-scented-candles	"Drake released a scented candle that ""actually smells like Drake."""	Did Drake Release a Scented Candle That ‘Smells Like Drake’?
vclaim-sno-draketown-swastika-nazis	A photograph shows American neo-Nazis performing a Nazi salute in front of a burning swastika in Draketown, Georgia, in 2018.	Does This Photograph Show Neo-Nazis Posing Under a Burning Swastika in Draketown, Georgia?
vclaim-sno-drano-bottle-bombs	Plastic soda bottles left in unsuspecting residents' yards may be bottle bombs.	Drano Bottle Bombs
vclaim-sno-dream-act	Implementation of Dream Act guidelines will grant amnesty to illegal aliens residing in the United States if they agree to enlist in the U.S. military or enter college.	DREAM Act
vclaim-sno-dreamer-texas-couple-murder	"A ""Dreamer"" stabbed a Bexar County, Texas, couple to death in April 2018."	Did a ‘Dreamer’ Stab a Texas Couple to Death?
vclaim-sno-dreamweavergrey-warning	A man using the screen name 'DreamWeaverGrey' is luring women to their deaths over the Internet.	DreamWeaverGrey Warning
vclaim-sno-drew-carey-fox-maga-hat	"Drew Carey appeared on Fox News wearing a MAGA hat and an ""Off The Wall"" suit."	Did Actor Drew Carey Appear on TV in a MAGA Hat?
vclaim-sno-drilled-wire	A competitor one-ups a company proud of their new ultra-thin wire by drilling a hole through it.	Urban Legend: Drilled Wire
vclaim-sno-drink-and-a-nod	The Applebee's restaurant chain was driven to bankruptcy after offering free alcohol on Veterans Day.	Did Applebee’s Declare Bankruptcy After Offering Free Alcohol for Veterans Day?
vclaim-sno-drink-irresponsibly	A 1972 sign warned Irish motorists not to drive after having five pints of beer.	Responsible Drinking in Ireland
vclaim-sno-drink-young-blood-health	A scientific study has concluded that “drinking young people’s blood” provides health and longevity benefits.	Will Drinking a Young Person’s Blood Provide Anti-Aging Health Benefits?
vclaim-sno-drinking-cold-water-meals-cause-cancer	Drinking cold water after meals causes unpleasant and lasting side effects.	Does Drinking Cold Water After Meals Cause Cancer?
vclaim-sno-drinking-most-dangerous-at-age	According to a scientific review published in December 2020, researchers found alcohol may be most harmful to the human brain at three ages: fetal development, the mid-to-late teenage years, and lastly in populations 65 and older.	Is Alcohol More Harmful to the Brain at 3 Stages of Life?
vclaim-sno-drinking-tequila-health-benefits	Tequila fights viruses, aids weight loss, and is beneficial for people afflicted with gastrointestinal illness.	Drinking Tequila Provides Many Health Benefits?
vclaim-sno-drinking-water-prevent-coronavirus	Taking a few sips of water every 15 mins will prevent the new coronavirus from entering your windpipe and lungs.	Will Sipping Water Every 15 Minutes Prevent a Coronavirus Infection?
vclaim-sno-driver-switches-places	Albert Einstein switched places with his chauffeur for a speaking engagement, then fielded a question directed to the man the audience thought was him.	Albert Einstein Switches Places with His Chauffeur
vclaim-sno-driverless-uber-runs-red-light	A video shows a driverless Uber running a red light in San Francisco.	Driverless Uber Runs Red Light?
vclaim-sno-drivers-license-free-gas	Leftover campaign funds are being used to give out $10 worth of free gas when you swipe your driver's license at the pump.	Swipe Driver’s License for Free Gas
vclaim-sno-drone-delivering-noodles	A video clip shows a drone delivering a box of instant noodles to a household, then collecting a debit card payment before flying off.	Does This Video Show a Drone Delivering Instant Noodles?
vclaim-sno-drones-playing-volleyball	A video genuinely shows a group of drones playing volleyball.	Are These Drones Playing Volleyball?
vclaim-sno-dropped-chalk	An atheist professor challenged God to keep a breakable object from shattering when he dropped it to the ground.	Did an Atheist Professor Test God by Dropping a Breakable Object?
vclaim-sno-drown-and-out	Domesticated turkeys are so lacking in intelligence that they will look up at falling rain until they drown.	Can Turkeys Drown in the Rain?
vclaim-sno-drug-bust	Snapple donates millions of dollars to anti-marijuana efforts.	Is Snapple Anti-Marijuana??
vclaim-sno-drug-law-lobbying-by-corrections-corporation-of-america	The Corrections Corporation of America (CCA) said that cannabis legalization would harm their profits, and they spend $1 million per year fighting changes to marijuana laws.	Drug Law Lobbying by Corrections Corporation of America
vclaim-sno-drug-money	Photographs show the proceeds from drug sales found during a raid of Mexican drug dealers’ residence.	Raid on Mexican Drug Dealer’s House
vclaim-sno-drug-running-boat	Photograph shows a 2000-horsepower drug-smuggling boat with eight outboard motors.	Drug-Running Boat
vclaim-sno-drug-score	The NCAA is investigating the use of “skill enhancing drugs” by the 2014 champion UConn Huskies men’s basketball team.	UCONN Huskies Players Suspected of Using Skill Enhancing Drugs Prior to Championship Game
vclaim-sno-drug-test-benefits-trump-tweet	President Trump tweeted that drug testing would soon be mandatory for all recipients of government assistance.	Did Trump Tweet That Drug Testing Will Be Mandatory for Public Benefit Recipients?
vclaim-sno-drug-tests-for-welfare-recipients	Various states require that public assistance recipients pass a drug test.	Do States Require Drug Tests for Welfare Recipients?
vclaim-sno-drug-wars	The U.S. government is planning to implement mandatory Ebola vaccinations for all residents.	Mandatory Ebola Vaccinations in the U.S.
vclaim-sno-drunk-crop-duster-drop-manure	A drunk crop duster dropped 4 tons of manure over Kansas.	Did a Drunk Crop Duster Drop Manure From the Sky in Kansas?
vclaim-sno-drunk-gorilla	Photograph shows a drunk gorilla about to punch a photographer.	Drunk Gorilla Punches a Photographer
vclaim-sno-drunk-man-has-sex-with-snowman	An habitual alcohol abuser lost his penis to frostbite after a drunken sexual encounter with a snowman.	Drunk Man has Sex with Snowman, Loses Genitals to Frostbite
vclaim-sno-dry-cleaning	Washing the lint filter in your clothes dryer can help enhance the performance and lifespan of that appliance and avoid fires.	Does a Clean Lint Filter Extend the Life of a Dryer?
vclaim-sno-dry-drowning	Account of a 10-year-old boy's death explains dry drowning and its symptoms.	Dry Drowning
vclaim-sno-dryer-sheets-full-of-toxic-chemicals	Dryer sheets permeated with fabric softener contain at least seven dangerous toxic chemicals.	Dryer Sheets Full of Toxic Chemicals?
vclaim-sno-dss-fired-gun-permit	Former Roanoke City Department of Social Services worker Storm Durham was fired from her job because she possessed a concealed carry permit.	Was a Roanoke City Department of Social Services Worker Fired Over a Gun Permit?
vclaim-sno-dstease	A newspaper once announced a Daylight Saving Time contest to see who could save the most daylight.	Did a Newspaper Announce This Daylight Saving Contest?
vclaim-sno-duane-devane-medal-of-honor	Duane Devane, a Medal of Honor recipient, died after being turned away from a hospital in Atlanta on the basis that he had no health insurance.	Did Uninsured Medal of Honor Recipient ‘Duane Devane’ Die After Being Refused Treatment?
vclaim-sno-duane-martin	E-mail reproduces TMZ article about Duane Martin and Tisha Campbell.	Duane Martin Comes Out: Ends Eleven-Year Marriage with Tisha Campbell
vclaim-sno-dubai-skyscrapers-poking-clouds	A photograph shows skyscrapers in Dubai poking through the clouds.	Are These Dubai Skyscrapers Poking Through the Clouds?
vclaim-sno-dubai-water-slide-photo	A photograph shows a waterslide in Dubai.	Is This a Waterslide Over Dubai?
vclaim-sno-duck-dynasty-si-robertson-dead	"""Duck Dynasty"" television star Si Robertson was found dead in March 2020."	Was ‘Duck Dynasty’s’ Si Robertson Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-duck-dynasty	The A&E series ‘Duck Dynasty’ is being threatened by complaints about the show’s inclusion of prayer scenes and guns.	Duck Dynasty Prayer
vclaim-sno-duck-eats-yeast-quacks-explodes-man-loses-eye	An Iowa man lost the sight in one eye when his prize-winning duck ate a pan of yeast and exploded.	Duck Eats Yeast, Quacks, Explodes; Man Loses Eye
vclaim-sno-ducking-the-question	A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.	Duck’s Quacks Don’t Echo?
vclaim-sno-ducks-obey-traffic-light	A video shows a group of ducks patiently waiting at a traffic light.	Does This Video Show Ducks Obeying a Traffic Light?
vclaim-sno-duct-tape-antifa	A photograph shows an anti-fascist protester duct-taped to an electrical box by neo-Nazis.	Did ‘Nazis’ Tape an Antifa Member to a Utility Box?
vclaim-sno-duct-tape-plastic-sheeting-house	Three people died of suffocation after sealing their home with plastic sheeting and duct tape.	Did People Die After Sealing Their Home with Plastic Sheeting and Duct Tape?
vclaim-sno-dude-youre-getting-the-boot	The 'Dell Dude' commercials ended because pitchman Benjamin Curtis was arrested for marijuana possession.	Firing of the Dell Dude
vclaim-sno-duggar-hole	CPS launched an investigation into the Duggar family after reports about Josh Duggar surfaced in the media.	Child Protection Service Launches Full Investigation Into The Duggar Family
vclaim-sno-dui-stop	Police car video records motorist  suspected of DUI being subjected to some wacky sobriety tests.	DUI Stop
vclaim-sno-dumbo-and-dumber	A game show contestant could not correctly determine which is larger: an elephant or the moon.	Who Doesn’t Want to Be a Millionaire?
vclaim-sno-dun-bradstreet	An e-mailed notification about customer complaints from the Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp is legitimate.	Dun & Bradstreet Customer Complaints E-Mail
vclaim-sno-dunblane-school-shootings-ban	After a gunman killed schoolchildren and a teacher in Scotland in 1996, the UK banned handguns; no school shootings have taken place there since.	No School Shootings in the United Kingdom Since Handguns Were Banned?
vclaim-sno-dunkin-donuts-bankruptcy-prank	All Dunkin Donuts locations are closing after the company filed for bankruptcy.	Is Dunkin Donuts Closing Due to Bankruptcy?
vclaim-sno-dunkin-donuts-coupon-hoax	Dunkin' Donuts is distributing online coupons for free boxes of donuts to celebrate their anniversary.	Free Dunkin’ Donuts Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-dunkin-donuts-free-coffee-teachers	Dunkin' Donuts is offering free coffee to teachers every Monday in September.	Is Dunkin’ Donuts Offering Free Coffee for Teachers Every Monday in September?
vclaim-sno-dunkin-donuts-holiday-cup	Dunkin Donuts' new holiday cup features an image of Richard Dawkins giving the finger.	Dunkin’ Donuts Holiday Cup Is Richard Dawkins Giving the Finger
vclaim-sno-durex-to-produce-eggplant-flavored-condoms	Prophylactic maker Durex is producing an eggplant-flavored condom.	Durex to Produce Eggplant-Flavored Condoms
vclaim-sno-dust-in-the-solar-wind	A planet-dissolving dust cloud will wipe out our solar system in December 2014.	Planet-Dissolving Dust Cloud Is Headed Toward Earth!
vclaim-sno-dustin-diamond-murder	"Dustin Diamond (aka ""Screech"") was charged with second-degree murder after stabbing a man at a bar."	Was Dustin Diamond Charged with Murder After a Stabbing Victim Died?
vclaim-sno-dustin-diamond-screech-killed-riot	"Dustin Diamond, best known for his role as  Samuel ""Screech"" Powers in the TV series ""Saved by the Bell,"" was killed in a prison riot."	No, Dustin “Screech” Diamond Was Not Killed in a Prison Riot
vclaim-sno-dusty-wes-edwards	Police are looking for a beating suspect named Dusty Wes Edwards.	Dusty Wes Edwards
vclaim-sno-dutch-oven	A man was convicted of manslaughter for accidentally killing his wife with a “Dutch oven.”	Husband Convicted of Manslaughter After Dutch Oven Goes ‘Horribly Wrong’
vclaim-sno-dutch-restaurants-pods-covid	Dutch restaurants solved the problem of dining out during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic by installing personal greenhouse booths.	Are Dutch Restaurants Letting People Dine in Personal Pods During COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-dwayne-johnson-arresting-for-importing-hgh	Dwayne Johnson was arrested for illegally importing human growth hormone (HGH) into Australia.	Dwayne Johnson Arrested
vclaim-sno-dwayne-johnson-death-hoax	Actor Dwayne Johnson died filming a stunt for Fast & Furious 7.	Dwayne Johnson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-dwayne-johnson-giveaway	Dwayne Johnson is giving away money and cars to Facebook users who share a post and click links.	Is Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Holding a Facebook Giveaway?
vclaim-sno-dwight-eisenhower-racial-background	"President Dwight D. Eisenhower's mother was biracial, and thus President Barack Obama is not the ""first black president."""	Black Like Ike?
vclaim-sno-dye-cast	The red dye commonly used in nectar for backyard feeders is harmful to hummingbirds.	Is Red Dyed-Nectar Harmful to Hummingbirds?
vclaim-sno-dylann-roof-john-christian-graas	Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof is actually a former child star and crisis actor named John Christian Graas.	Convicted Charleston Shooter Dylann Roof Is Child Actor John Christian Graas
vclaim-sno-dynamic-pet-products-real-ham-bone	Dynamic Pet Products Real Ham Bone have caused several dogs to fall ill and die.	Dynamic Pet Products Real Ham Bone
vclaim-sno-e-cigarettes-cancer-formaldehyde	"A Japanese study found electronic cigarettes (popularly called ""e-cigs"") contain ten times as many carcinogens as tobacco cigarettes."	Do E-Cigarettes Really Contain Ten Times the Carcinogens of Tobacco Cigarettes?
vclaim-sno-e-mail-from-huma-abedin-to-brother	An e-mail written by Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin to her brother reveals that she is a radical Muslim plant waiting to take over the country after Clinton is elected.	Huma Abedin Admits in E-mail to Brother That She Is a Muslim Infiltrator?
vclaim-sno-e-zpass-speeding-tickets	New York will be embedding strips in vehicle registration stickers in order to catch speeders.	E-ZPass Checkpoint Speeding Tickets
vclaim-sno-e15-gasoline	The use of E15 gasoline will damage engines and/or void warranties of many types of cars.	E15 Gasoline
vclaim-sno-eagle-carrying-a-shark-video	A video shows an eagle carrying a shark.	Does Video Show an Eagle Carrying a Shark?
vclaim-sno-eagle-catches-drone	A photograph shows an eagle catching a drone.	Is This an Eagle Catching a Drone?
vclaim-sno-eagle-cloud-jerusalem	A photograph shows a cloud resembling an eagle over Jerusalem in January 2019.	Does This Photograph Show an Eagle Cloud Over Jerusalem?
vclaim-sno-eagle-scout-nuclear-reactor	In 1994, a 17-year-old Eagle Scout built a nuclear reactor in his mother’s backyard, an act that ultimately necessitated a Superfund cleanup.	Did a 17-Year-Old Eagle Scout Build a Nuclear Reactor in His Mom’s Backyard?
vclaim-sno-eagle-scouts	President Obama refuses to sign Eagle Scout certificates.	Obama Refuses to Sign Eagle Scout Certificates
vclaim-sno-eagles-ostrich-steal-zoo-philadelphia	A Philadelphia Eagles fan stole an ostrich from the zoo and rode it through the streets in celebration of the team's Super Bowl victory.	Did an Eagles Fan Steal an Ostrich from the Zoo During Super Bowl Chaos?
vclaim-sno-eagles-respond-trumps-congratulatory-tweet-vulgarity	The Philadelphia Eagles responded to a tweet from President Trump congratulating the team on winning the Super Bowl by telling the Commander-in-Chief to go f*ck himself.	Did the Eagles Respond to Trump’s Congratulatory Tweet With a Vulgarity?
vclaim-sno-ear-beer	Video shows a woman drinking beer through her ear.	Woman Drinks Beer Through Her Ear?
vclaim-sno-ear-flap	Photograph shows a veteran wearing a “bullshit protector” flap over his ear during a speech by Barack Obama.	Obama ‘Bulls**t Protector’ Ear Flap
vclaim-sno-ear-infraction	Parents should watch for signs of mastoiditis after their children develop ear infections.	Mastoiditis
vclaim-sno-earlobes-biden-body-double	Photographs of President-elect Joe Biden's earlobes over time shows an individual stands in as him for some public events.	Does Joe Biden Have a Body Double?
vclaim-sno-early-flight	An air show at the U.S. Air Force Academy  graduation ceremony was held up because President Obama left early.	Was a USAFA Air Show Held Up Because President Obama Left Early?
vclaim-sno-early-morning-explosion-in-dc-allegedly-leaves-yet-another-dnc-staffer-dead	"A DNC staffer was killed in a ""mysterious explosion"" following the unsolved murder of a young man in Washington, D.C."	Early Morning Explosion in DC Allegedly Leaves Yet Another DNC Staffer Dead
vclaim-sno-early-returns	Two television stations aired 2012 election “results” early.	Premature 2012 Election Results
vclaim-sno-early-to-bed	The early TV sitcom Mary Kay and Johnny was the first television series to portray a married couple who slept in the same bed.	Who Was the First TV Couple to Sleep in the Same Bed?
vclaim-sno-earnhardt-remove-flag-sticker	Dale Earnhardt Jr. told a story about his late father, Dale Earnhardt Sr., removing a Confederate-flag sticker from his truck.	Did Dale Earnhardt Sr. Remove Confederate Flag Sticker from Truck?
vclaim-sno-earth-day-origins	The date of Earth Day was chosen as April 22 by the Unicorn Killer to coincide with Vladimir Lenin's birthday.	Why Is Earth Day on April 22?
vclaim-sno-earthquake-hoax	A massive earthquake is poised to hit Los Angeles on	Earthquake Hoax
vclaim-sno-earthquake-myths	Earthquakes are most likely to happen when the weather is hot and dry.	Earthquake Myths
vclaim-sno-earths-best-contamination-warning	Pouches of Earth’s Best brand organic baby food are contaminated with insect larvae.	Insect Larvae in Earth’s Best Baby Food Pouches
vclaim-sno-easily-lead	Several major brands of lipstick contain dangerous levels of cancer-causing lead which can be detected with a gold ring.	Dangerous Lead in Lipstick?
vclaim-sno-easter-dates	Easter Sunday occurs unusually early and late in 2008 and 2011, respectively.	Early/Late Easter
vclaim-sno-eastwood-obama-biggest-people	"Clint Eastwood said ""one day we will realize that the Barack Obama presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people.”"	Did Clint Eastwood Say Obama Was the “Biggest Fraud Ever Perpetrated on the American People”?
vclaim-sno-eastwood-tragic-news	"Clint Eastwood received ""tragic news"" and was subjected to ""heavy insults"" because of his new movie."	Did Clint Eastwood Get ‘Terribly Tragic News’ Over His Latest Movie?
vclaim-sno-easy-marcus	Marcus Bachmann was refused service at an Indiana dress boutique because the store owner assumed he was gay.	Marcus Bachmann Refused Service in Indiana, Store Owner Assumed He Was Gay
vclaim-sno-eat-a-peach-2	The Allman Brothers Band’s album title	Allman Brothers: ‘Eat a Peach’
vclaim-sno-eat-a-peach-3	The Allman Brothers Band’s album title	Allman Brothers: ‘Eat a Peach’
vclaim-sno-eating-crow	Farmer mistakes the inscription found on a banded bird for cooking instructions.	The Tale of ‘Wash. Biol. Surv.’
vclaim-sno-eating-egg-banana	Eating bananas and eggs together can poison you, causing instant death.	Will Eating an Egg and a Banana Kill You?
vclaim-sno-ebola-in-the-air-tonight	The CDC and CIDRAP have admitted that Ebola is now airborne.	Is Ebola Now Airborne?
vclaim-sno-ebola-school	Third graders in Olathe, Kansas, contracted Ebola from a substitute teacher.	Kansas Third Graders Exposed to Ebola
vclaim-sno-ebolan-invasion	Former Alaskan governor Sarah Palin has called on President Obama to “invade Ebola.”	Sarah Palin Wants to Invade Ebola?
vclaim-sno-ebolution-of-the-sheesh-ies	Researchers at CIDRAP have confirmed that ‘Ebola is now airborne.’	Ebola Still Isn’t Airborne
vclaim-sno-ebono	U2 singer Bono contracted Ebola while caring for a man in Liberia.	Does Bono Have Ebola?
vclaim-sno-ebt-time	WalMart has announced they will no longer accept EBT transactions as a form of payment.	WalMart Will No Longer Accept Payments?
vclaim-sno-eclipse-over-south-pacific	A photograph show a solar eclipse over the ocean in the South Pacific.	Solar Eclipse in the South Pacific
vclaim-sno-eclipse-racist	"Law professor Alice Ristroph wrote in the Atlantic magazine that the 2017 solar eclipse, its path, or those who viewed it, were ""racist."""	Did a Law Professor Assert That a Solar Eclipse Was ‘Racist’?
vclaim-sno-ecoli-girlfriend-death	A New York man died after contracting an E. coli infection from performing analingus on his girlfriend.	Did a Man Die of E. Coli After Sex with His Girlfriend?
vclaim-sno-ecosia-use-profits-to-plant-trees	The search engine Ecosia uses a portion of its profits to help plant trees.	Does Search Engine Ecosia Use Profits to Plant Trees?
vclaim-sno-ecstasy-halloween-candy	Parents should keep any eye out for drug-laced Gummy bears and ecstasy (MDMA) disguised as Halloween candy being distributed to trick-or-treaters.	Ecstasy in Halloween Candy?
vclaim-sno-eddie-murphy-death-hoax	Actor/comedia Eddie Murphy died in a car crash in 2018.	Eddie Murphy Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-edith-piaf-nazi-camps-passports	During World War Two, singer Edith Piaf helped 120 prisoners of war escape from Nazi camps by fabricating phoney identity cards for them.	Did Edith Piaf Make Fake Passports to Help Prisoners Escape from Nazi Camps?
vclaim-sno-education-oregon	"The Oregon Department of Education (ODE) told teachers that asking students to ""show their work"" in math class is a form of white supremacy."	Did Oregon Officials Say ‘Showing Work’ in Math Class Is White Supremacism?
vclaim-sno-edward-krawetz	A police officer convicted of assault for kicking a handcuffed woman is engaged in hearings to retain his job.	Edward Krawetz
vclaim-sno-edward-mordrake	"A nineteenth-century British man named Edward Mordrake (also spelled ""Mordake"") was born with a rare medical condition in the form of a extra face on the back of his head."	Edward Mordrake, the Man with Two Faces
vclaim-sno-edward-snowden-said-russia-successfully-rigged-u-s-elections-in-favor-of-trump	Edward Snowden claimed that Russia fixed the 2016 general election so Donald Trump would win.	Edward Snowden Said Russia Successfully Rigged U.S. Elections In Favor Of Trump
vclaim-sno-eeyore-indiana-jones-adventure	Eeyore, the lovable but sad Winnie the Pooh character, can be found in Disneyland's Indiana Jones Adventure ride.	Is Eeyore ‘Hiding’ in Disneyland’s Indiana Jones Adventure Ride?
vclaim-sno-effectiveness-face-masks	A Facebook post is correct in saying N95 masks, surgical masks, and cloth masks can be dangerous and/or ineffective in protecting against the spread of COVID-19 based on CDC and U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) guidelines.	Are These Claims About the Effectiveness of Face Masks True?
vclaim-sno-egg-balancing-on-the-equinox	A special property of the equinox allows eggs (or brooms) to be balanced on their ends that day.	Egg Balancing on the Equinox
vclaim-sno-egg-in-coca-cola-experiment	A video captures an experiment in which immersing an egg in soda for 24 hours dissolved its shell and turned the egg into a rubbery, squeezable substance.	Will Immersing an Egg in Soda for 24 Hours Dissolve Its Shell?
vclaim-sno-eggs-terminated	A 200-million-year old dinosaur egg recently hatched in a Berlin museum.	200-Million-Year Old Dinosaur Egg Hatches in Berlin Museum
vclaim-sno-egypt-air-fire-ball-video	A video shows a ball of fire streaking across the sky at the same moment an Air Egypt flight went missing.	Video Shows ‘Fireball’ in the Sky As EgyptAir Flight Disappears from Radar
vclaim-sno-eiffel-tower-suicide	A photograph shows a suicide victim stepping off the Eiffel Tower.	Eiffel Tower Suicide
vclaim-sno-eiffel-tower-terrorist-attack	Fire and smoke billowing from the vicinity of the Eiffel Tower were evidence of a Bastille Day terrorist attack in Paris.	Eiffel Tower Set Ablaze by Terrorists
vclaim-sno-eight-rainbow-photo	A photograph shows eight rainbows over Lehigh, Pennsylvania.	Does This Photograph Show Eight Rainbows?
vclaim-sno-eighth-russian-tied-to-trump-dies	An eighth Russian with ties to the Trump-Russia scandal has mysteriously died.	Did an Eighth Russian with Ties to President Trump Die Suspiciously?
vclaim-sno-einstein-at-lincoln	Albert Einstein once said that segregation was a “disease of white people.”	Albert Einstein, Civil Rights Activist
vclaim-sno-einstein-bicycle	A photograph shows Albert Einstein riding a bike while an atomic explosion takes place in the background.	Einstein Bicycles as A-Bomb Explodes
vclaim-sno-einstein-pantheism-baruch-spinoza	Albert Einstein said he believed in pantheism, a theological doctrine based on the work of 17th-century philosopher Baruch Spinoza.	Did Einstein Say He Believed in the Pantheistic God of Baruch Spinoza?
vclaim-sno-einstein-rejection-letter	An image shows a rejection letter Albert Einstein received from the University of Bern in 1907.	Is This a Real Albert Einstein Rejection Letter?
vclaim-sno-einstein-sound-and-light-waves	"Albert Einstein said: ""We are slowed down sound and light waves, a walking bundle of frequencies tuned into the cosmos. We are souls dressed up in sacred biochemical garments and our bodies are the instruments through which our souls play their music."""	Did Albert Einstein Say ‘We Are Slowed-Down Sound and Light Waves’?
vclaim-sno-einstein-technology-quote	"Albert Einstein said ""I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots."""	Did Einstein Say He Feared Technology Would Create a ‘Generation of Idiots’?
vclaim-sno-einstein-universal-force	"Albert Einstein once described love as a ""universal force"" in a letter to his daughter Lieserl."	A Universal Force
vclaim-sno-einstein-world-war-iv-sticks-stones	"Albert Einstein said ""World War IV would be fought with sticks and stones."""	Did Albert Einstein Say World War IV Will be Fought ‘With Sticks and Stones’?
vclaim-sno-eisenhower-antifa-membership-card	An image shows a lifetime antifa membership card belonging to former U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower.	Is This Eisenhower’s Antifa Membership Card?
vclaim-sno-eisenhower-military-parades	"President Eisenhower rejected the idea of military parades, saying they ""would make us look weak."""	Did Dwight Eisenhower Reject the Idea of ‘Soviet-Style’ Military Parades?
vclaim-sno-eisenhower-political-party-moral	President Eisenhower said that a political party must be dedicated to the advancement of a moral cause, otherwise it is just a conspiracy to seize power.	Did Ike Say If a Political Party Doesn’t Advance a Moral Cause, Then It Is Merely a Conspiracy to Seize Power?
vclaim-sno-eisenhower-security-prison	"U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower said ""If you want total security, go to prison."""	Did Eisenhower Say ‘If You Want Total Security, Go to Prison’?
vclaim-sno-ej-korvette	The discount chain E.J. Korvette took its name from a shortening of 'eight Jewish Korean War veterans' in honor of its founding partners.	Does E.J. Korvette Stand For ‘Eight Jewish Korean War Veterans?’
vclaim-sno-el-chapo-escapes-again	Drug lord Joaquin Guzmán escaped from a Mexican prison for the third time.	Drug Kingpin Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman Escapes Mexican Prison Once Again
vclaim-sno-el-chapo-hillary-clinton-donation	"Mexican drug kingpin Joaquín ""El Chapo"" Guzmán donated millions of dollars to Clinton Foundation."	Did El Chapo Donate Millions to Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-el-chapo-testify-clinton-pelosi	"Drug kingpin Joaquín ""El Chapo"" Guzmán testified that he gave millions of dollars to Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, and Hillary Clinton."	Did ‘El Chapo’ Testify That He Gave Millions to Pelosi, Schiff, and Clinton?
vclaim-sno-el-chapo-threatens-isis	"Mexican drug cartel leader Joaquin ""El Chapo"" Guzman has threatened to wage war against ISIS."	FALSE: El Chapo Threatens ISIS
vclaim-sno-el-indio-rancher	A group of migrant men who had kidnapped and raped a Mexican girl held a Texas rancher in El Indio at gunpoint.	Did a Group of Migrant Men With a Kidnapped Mexican Girl Hold a Texas Rancher in El Indio at Gunpoint?
vclaim-sno-el-paso-border-barrier-crime	El Paso was one of the U.S. most dangerous cities before a border fence was built there.	Was El Paso One of the ‘Most Dangerous Cities’ in U.S. Before a Border Fence Was Built?
vclaim-sno-el-paso-bridge-immigrants	The Trump administration housed some undocumented immigrants at a makeshift facility under a bridge in El Paso, Texas, in March 2019.	Did the Trump Administration House Undocumented Immigrants Under a Bridge in El Paso?
vclaim-sno-el-paso-gun-battle	Photographs show an attempted robbery in El Paso, Texas, that ended with all of the assailants shot by their would-be victim.	El Paso Gun Battle
vclaim-sno-el-paso-shooting-twitter	"A photograph found in the El Paso mall shooter's Twitter account shows ""Trump"" spelled out in firearms."	Did This Photograph Appear on the El Paso Mall Shooter’s Twitter Page?
vclaim-sno-el-paso-suspect-mylife	The El Paso shooting suspect's MyLife page was altered by 'Leftists' to make him appear to be a Republican.	Was the El Paso Shooting Suspect’s MyLife Page Altered by ‘Leftists’?
vclaim-sno-elaborate-welfare-housing-project	Video clip shows Tacoma  housing development “built for illegal immigrants” who are receiving “refugee pay.”	Elaborate Welfare Housing Project
vclaim-sno-elderly-gun-ban	A new executive order being circulated will severely limit firearms ownership by the elderly.	FALSE: Firearms Ban for the Elderly
vclaim-sno-elderly-man-beaten-in-portland	"An ""elderly man"" was beaten while trying to protect a sundress-wearing man from being attacked."	Was an ‘Elderly Man’ Beaten While Trying to Help a ‘Man in a Sundress’ in Portland?
vclaim-sno-elderly-pair-homeless-california	A photograph depicts an elderly homeless couple sleeping on the concrete in California.	Is This an ‘Elderly Homeless Couple’ in California?
vclaim-sno-eleanor-roosevelt-quote-liberal	A quotation attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt, in a widely shared meme in January 2020, was authentic and accurate.	Did Eleanor Roosevelt Say This About the Word ‘Liberal’?
vclaim-sno-election-results-before-election	A television station broadcast results from the 2020 Illinois presidential primary the day before the election occurred.	Did a TV Station Report Biden-Sanders Primary Results Before the Election?
vclaim-sno-election-results-certified	It is legally required for the winner of a U.S. presidential election to be declared on the same day as the election.	Are US Election Results Required To Be Certified on Election Night?
vclaim-sno-elector-suicide	A member of the Electoral College committed suicide to avoid casting a vote for Donald Trump.	Electoral College Elector Commits Suicide to Avoid Voting for Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-electoral-votes-rejected-congress	A text outlines a process by which the U.S. Vice President and Republicans in Congress can subvert the counting of electoral votes.	Does This Text Outline How to Subvert the Counting of Electoral Votes?
vclaim-sno-electric-car-1905	A photograph shows an electric car charging in 1905.	Is this Really an Electric Car From 1905?
vclaim-sno-electric-slide-written-vibrators	"The song ""Electric Boogie (The Electric Slide)"" was written about a vibrator."	Was ‘The Electric Slide’ Written About Vibrators?
vclaim-sno-electrocuted-by-earphones	A Malaysian teenager was electrocuted by earphones he was using.	Was a Teenager Electrocuted by His Earphones?
vclaim-sno-elementary-my-dear-watson	"Sherlock Holmes said, ""Elementary, my dear Watson."""	Sherlock Holmes and ‘Elementary, My Dear Watson’
vclaim-sno-elena-burns	Elena Burns posted disparaging remarks about soldiers on Facebook with the goal of “making her famous.”	Elena Burns
vclaim-sno-elephant-carrying-lion-cub	A photograph shows an elephant carrying a lion cub.	Is This a Photograph of an Elephant Carrying a Lion Cub?
vclaim-sno-elephant-drowning-at-sea-world	A new SeaWorld attraction involves drowning a live elephant.	New SeaWorld Show Is Just Elephant Drowning in Large Tank of Water with No Explanation?
vclaim-sno-elephant-mountain-real-place	A photograph shows a mountain that closely resembles a frozen elephant.	Is This Mountain Cliff Shaped Like an Elephant?
vclaim-sno-elephant-painting	Video clip shows an elephant painting a picture of an elephant.	Does a Video Show an Elephant Painting a Picture of an Elephant?
vclaim-sno-elephant-road-rage	Photographs show an angry elephant overturning an automobile in a game reserve.	Elephant Road Rage
vclaim-sno-elephant-seal-chilean-town	A video shows an elephant seal crawling through a town in Chile.	Did an Elephant Seal Crawl Through a Chilean Town?
vclaim-sno-elephant-trophy-import-ban-lifted	The United States will reverse restrictions on bringing back legally-hunted elephant trophies.	United States to Reverse Ban on Wildlife Trophies?
vclaim-sno-elephants-think-humans-cute	"Elephants think of humans as ""cute,"" in the same manner that humans think of kittens or puppies."	Do Elephants Think Humans Are ‘Cute’?
vclaim-sno-elevation-church-water-slide	The Elevation Church has installed a water slide to speed up baptisms.	Did Elevation Church Debut a Water Slide Baptismal?
vclaim-sno-elevator-man-eats-wife	A man killed and ate his wife after being stuck in an elevator with her for 71 hours.	Did a Man Stuck 71 Hours in an Elevator Kill and Eat His Wife to Survive?
vclaim-sno-eleven-dollars	A man with Down syndrome who refused to leave a movie theater died after being handcuffed by mall security.	Eleven Dollars
vclaim-sno-elf-shower-scene	"TBS removed the shower scene from the movie ""Elf"" due to a controversy over the song ""Baby It's Cold Outside."""	Did TBS Remove the Shower Scene in ‘Elf’?
vclaim-sno-elijah-cummings-forgive-trump	On his deathbed, U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings expressed forgiveness towards President Donald Trump.	No, Elijah Cummings Did Not ‘Forgive’ Donald Trump On His Deathbed
vclaim-sno-elijah-cummings-said-democrats-gave-black-people-the-right-to-vote	Rep. Elijah Cummings incorrectly stated during his 2016 DNC speech that Democrats gave black people the right to vote.	Elijah Cummings Said Democrats Gave Black People the Right to Vote?
vclaim-sno-elijah-mcclains-last-words	A piece of text accurately transcribes the last words of Elijah McClain in a video recording of his encounter with police officers before he died in August 2019.	Are These Elijah McClain’s Last Words on Police Video?
vclaim-sno-elijah-wood-twin-brother-photo	A photograph shows actor Elijah Wood with his identical twin brother.	Photograph of Elijah Wood with Identical Twin Brother
vclaim-sno-elisa-granato-trial-covid-19-vax	Elisa Granato died shortly after being administered a trial vaccine for COVID-19.	Did Elisa Granato Die from COVID-19 Trial Vaccination?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-holtzman-homeland-security-letter	In July 2018, former Congresswoman Elizabeth Holtzman wrote a strongly-worded letter of resignation from the Homeland Security Advisory Council which went viral on social media.	Did Elizabeth Holtzman Send DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen a Strongly-Worded Resignation?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-knoxville-onion-towel	A video shows a crying woman holding an onion while telling a reporter that she had been Maced during a riot.	Did ‘Elizabeth From Knoxville’ Use an ‘Onion Towel’ To Make Herself Cry?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-400k-teaching	Harvard University paid Elizabeth Warren $400,000 to teach one class.	Did Harvard Pay Elizabeth Warren $400,000 to Teach One Class?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-abortion-tonsils	"Sen. Elizabeth Warren once said: ""Having an abortion is no different than someone having their tonsils removed."""	Did U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren Say Abortion Is ‘No Different’ Than Removing Tonsils?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-fired-pregnant	In 1971, now-U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren lost her job as a speech therapist in the public school district of Riverdale, New Jersey, because she became pregnant.	Was Elizabeth Warren Once Fired for Being Pregnant?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-indian-card	"U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren listed her race as ""American Indian"" on her 1986 Texas State Bar registration card."	Did Sen. Elizabeth Warren Describe Her Race as ‘American Indian’ on Her 1986 Texas Bar Card?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-memorabilia-shelf	A photograph shows a piece of racist memorabilia on Elizabeth Warren's kitchen shelf.	Does Elizabeth Warren Have a Piece of Racist Memorabilia on Her Kitchen Shelf?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-mollie-tibbetts	"Elizabeth Warren trivialized the killing of Mollie Tibbetts (the suspect is an undocumented immigrant) by saying, ""We need to focus on real problems"" like immigrant family separation."	Did Elizabeth Warren Say of Mollie Tibbetts’ Slaying, ‘We Need to Focus on Real Problems’?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-muslims-tolerance	Senator Elizabeth Warren said that women being raped was an acceptable cost for the tolerance of Muslims and praised Planned Parenthood.	Did Elizabeth Warren Say Women Should Be Raped by Muslims to ‘Prove Our Tolerance’?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-pagan-ritual	A photograph shows Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Massachusetts) performing a pagan ritual in the nude.	Did Senator Elizabeth Warren Perform Nude Pagan Rituals in College?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-sex-reassignment	"U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren said or argued to the effect that ""taxpayers must fund sex reassignment surgery."""	Did Elizabeth Warren Say Taxpayers Should Fund Sex-Reassignment Surgery?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-staff-pay	An analysis determined that Senator Elizabeth Warren pays her female staffers less than their male counterparts.	Elizabeth Warren Pays Female Staffers Less Than Their Male Counterparts?
vclaim-sno-elizabeth-warren-wealthy-native-american	Elizabeth Warren lives in a multi-million-dollar mansion and relied on scant Native American heritage claims to land a job at Harvard.	Did Elizabeth Warren Lie About Her Native American Heritage to Land a Job at Harvard?
vclaim-sno-elizabethtown-college-white-privilege	"Democrats at Elizabethtown College mirrored the Nazi policy of forcing Jewish people to wear the Star of David in a February 2017 campaign that had students wear ""white privilege"" pins."	Did a College Mirror Nazis by Having Students Wear ‘White Privilege’ Pins?
vclaim-sno-ellen-degeneres-facebook-giveaway	Ellen DeGeneres is offering big-ticket Facebook giveaways for liking and sharing posts.	Is Ellen DeGeneres Holding a Facebook Giveaway?
vclaim-sno-ellen-degeneres-leaving	Ellen DeGeneres has announced that she was leaving her talk show to sell skin care products.	Ellen DeGeneres Is Leaving Her Show to Sell Skincare Products
vclaim-sno-ellen-degeneres-surrounded-armed-guards-anti-gun-rally	A photograph shows Ellen DeGeneres surrounded by guards with guns — at an anti-gun rally.	Was Ellen DeGeneres Surrounded by Armed Guards at an Anti-Gun Rally?
vclaim-sno-ellen-weintraub-trump-voter-fraud	U.S. Federal Election Commission Chair Ellen Weintraub wrote an open letter to President Donald Trump in August 2019, asking him to share any evidence he had of voter fraud.	Did the FEC Chair Ask Trump for Evidence of Voter Fraud, Writing ‘Lay Your Cards on the Table’?
vclaim-sno-ellie-mae-ashley	A 15-year-old girl named Ellie Mae Ashley is missing from her Nottinghamshire home.	Missing Child: Ellie Mae Ashley
vclaim-sno-ellison-antifa-book	"Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison once tweeted a picture of himself holding a book titled ""Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook."""	Is This Minnesota AG Keith Ellison with ‘Antifa Handbook’?
vclaim-sno-elmer-fudd-yosemite-sam-guns	Elmer Fudd and Yosemite Sam will no longer carry guns in the new Looney Tunes Cartoons series.	Will Elmer Fudd and Yosemite Sam No Longer Carry Guns?
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-buca-di-beppo	"Tesla entrepreneur and SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted a picture of a dessert from Buca di Beppo Italian Restaurant with the comment ""ice cream sundae in a martini glass."""	Did Elon Musk Tweet a Dessert Picture from a Restaurant Amid COVID-19 Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-buy-facebook	Elon Musk told a room of investors that he planned on buying Facebook so that he could delete the social media platform.	Did Elon Musk Offer to Buy and Delete Facebook?
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-death-hoax	Tesla founder Elon Musk died in a car battery explosion on March 5, 2021.	No, Elon Musk Did Not Die in a Car Battery Explosion
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-donald-trump-dumbass	"In response to Donald Trump's congratulations on the Falcon Heavy launch, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk called the president a ""dumbass."""	Did Elon Musk Call Donald Trump a ‘Dumbass’?
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-grimes-baby-x-ae-a12	"Elon Musk and Grimes announced on social media that they named their newborn son ""X Æ A-12 Musk."""	Did Elon Musk and Grimes Say They Named Their Baby ‘X Æ A-12’?
vclaim-sno-elon-musk-illegal-immigrant	Tesla CEO Elon Musk was an 'illegal immigrant.'	Elon Musk Was an Undocumented Immigrant?
vclaim-sno-elongated-skulls-found-peru-aliens	Cone-shaped skulls found in Latin America are of alien, not human, origin.	Elongated Skulls Found in Peru Could Be Aliens?
vclaim-sno-elsa-to-be-lesbian-in-frozen-2	"Disney announced that Elsa would be a lesbian in the movie ""Frozen 2."""	Did Disney Announce Elsa Would be a Lesbian in ‘Frozen 2’?
vclaim-sno-elvis-and-lisa-marie-christmas	A photograph shows Elvis and Lisa Marie Presley on Christmas morning.	Is Photo of Elvis and Lisa Marie Presley on Christmas Morning Real?
vclaim-sno-elvis-presley-body-elderly-homeless-man	The body of a homeless man found in San Diego has been identified as that of Elvis Presley.	Was the Body of an Elderly Homeless Man Identified as Elvis Presley?
vclaim-sno-elvis-presley-jewish-ancestry	Elvis Presley’s maternal great-great-grandmother, Nancy J. Burdine, was Jewish.	Did Elvis Presley Have Jewish Ancestry?
vclaim-sno-email-google-plus-settlement	According to an August 2020 email, some former Google Plus users were eligible for a cash payment from a 2018 lawsuit settlement after a software issue exposed the private data of up to half a million users of the social network.	Is This Email About a Google Plus Settlement Real?
vclaim-sno-emancipation-postulation	Sarah Palin said that abolishing slavery enabled President Obama’s election and worried that immigration reform would lead to a Hispanic president.	Sarah Palin: We Abolished Slavery and Got Obama
vclaim-sno-emanuel-cleaver-awoman-amen-prayer	"In January 2021, U.S. Rep. Emanuel Cleaver added ""A-Woman"" after the traditional ""Amen"" in a prayer to open the 117th Congress."	Did Democratic Congressman Add ‘A-Woman’ to Opening Prayer?
vclaim-sno-embassy-meme	Iranian Maj. Gen. Qassem Soleimani was part of the group that stormed the American embassy in Tehran in 1979 and took 52 hostages.	Was Qassem Soleimani One of the American Embassy Hostage-Takers?
vclaim-sno-emboldened-election-texas-republicans-kill-medicaid-funding-children-disabilities	"Republicans in Texas made significant cuts to Medicaid after they were ""emboldened"" by the results of the 2016 general election."	Emboldened by Election, Texas Republicans Kill Medicaid Funding for Children with Disabilities?
vclaim-sno-embroiled-in-oil	All the crude oil produced in Alaska is sold and shipped to Japan.	Alaskan Oil Shipped to Japan?
vclaim-sno-emergency-response	A brief Facebook outage prompted social media users to call 911.	Facebook Outage Prompts 911 Calls
vclaim-sno-emergent-situation	Photograph shows a KKK member being treated by an all-black emergency room staff.	Does This Photograph Show a KKK Member Treated by Black Hospital Staff?
vclaim-sno-emily-jones-decapitated	A 7-year-old named Emily Jones was decapitated in England by a Somali migrant.	Was Emily Jones Decapitated by a Somali Migrant?
vclaim-sno-emily-murphy-feelings-trump-shirt	"A photograph shows U.S. GSA administrator Emily Murphy at a 2016 Trump rally in a ""fuck your feelings"" shirt."	Did Emily Murphy Attend a Trump Rally in a ‘F*ck Your Feelings’ Shirt?
vclaim-sno-eminem-coronavirus	Rapper Eminem was the first celebrity to be diagnosed with new coronavirus in February 2020.	Was Eminem Diagnosed with Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-eminem-stabbed	Rapper Eminem was nearly killed by a fan in New York who stabbed him four times.	Eminem Stabbed
vclaim-sno-eminem-the-interview	Singer Eminem gave a real interview in the movie The Interview in which he announced he was gay.	Was Eminem’s Interview in ‘The Interview’ Real?
vclaim-sno-eminems-daughter-rapping-video	A video shows Eminem's daughter Hailie rapping.	Does This Video Show Eminem’s Daughter Rapping?
vclaim-sno-eminent-domain	The U.S. government has agreed to allow China to exercise “eminent domain” as collateral for American debt.	Feds Grant China Eminent Domain
vclaim-sno-emma-gonzalez-flag-patch	Emma González wore a Cuban flag patch on her jacket while speaking at the March for Our Lives rally in March 2018.	Was Emma González Wearing a Cuban Flag Patch During Her ‘March for Our Lives’ Speech?
vclaim-sno-emma-gonzalez-ripping-up-constitution	Emma González, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting, was filmed ripping up a copy of the U.S. Constitution.	Was Emma González Filmed Ripping Up the U.S. Constitution?
vclaim-sno-emma-gonzalez-shooter-bullying	Parkland mass shooting survivor Emma González admitted to bullying a former student who later killed seventeen people.	Did Emma González ‘Admit’ to Bullying the Parkland School Shooter?
vclaim-sno-emma-watson-retiring-acting	Emma Watson announced she was retiring from acting in February 2021.	Is Emma Watson Retiring from Acting?
vclaim-sno-emmanuel-macron-us-liberals-refugee-status-france	Emmanuel Macron offered American liberals refugee status in France	Did Emmanuel Macron Give U.S. Liberals ‘Refugee Status’ in France?
vclaim-sno-emmanuel-mensahs-final-act-heroism	A Ghanaian immigrant and United States Army private named Emmanuel Mensah died after saving multiple lives in a Bronx apartment building fire.	Emmanuel Mensah’s Final Act of Heroism
vclaim-sno-emoji-charges-cell-phone	Cell phone companies began charging users for SMS emojis (emoticons) in February 2016.	Cellular Companies Charging for Emojis?
vclaim-sno-emordnilap-palindrome	The word “palindrome” is a palindrome because the word “emordnilap” is a real word one can find in the dictionary.	Is ‘Emordnilap’ a Real Word?
vclaim-sno-emordnilap	"""Emordnilap"" is a real word referring to words that produce other words when spelled backwards."	Is Emordnilap a Real Word?
vclaim-sno-emory-students-trump-graffiti	"Students at Emory University were offered ""emergency counseling"" after pro-Trump graffiti appeared overnight in campus ""safe spaces."""	Emory Students Traumatized by Trump Graffiti?
vclaim-sno-emotional-rescue	President Obama has suffered a “mental breakdown.”	President Obama Reported Sedated Following Emotional Breakdown
vclaim-sno-empire-state-building-coronavirus	"The Empire State Building displayed a red and white ""siren"" light during the COVID-19 pandemic."	Did Empire State Building Display ‘Siren’ Lights During COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-empire-state-building-green-911	President Obama is planning on lighting the Empire State Building green to celebrate the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr on 11 September 2016.	Was the Empire State Building Lit Green on 9/11 for a Muslim Holiday?
vclaim-sno-employee-emasculated-octopus	A San Diego Zoo employee was hospitalized after trying to have sex with an octopus and sustaining heavy damage to his genitalia.	Was an Aquarium Employee Emasculated After a Sexual Assault on an Octopus?
vclaim-sno-empty-chipotle-employees	Employees and customers at a Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurant mysteriously vanished with no explanation as to what happened.	Did Chipotle Employees Mysteriously Vanish?
vclaim-sno-empty-promises	Fruit must be eaten on an empty stomach in order for the body to absorb it properly.	Should You Eat Fruit on an Empty Stomach?
vclaim-sno-empty-ps5-boxes-ebay	At least four buyers on eBay paid thousands of dollars for empty PlayStation 5 boxes.	Were Empty PS5 Boxes Sold on eBay for Thousands of Dollars?
vclaim-sno-empty-shoes-memorial-washington-sandy-hook	A temporary memorial at the U.S. Capitol displays a pair of empty shoes to illustrate the 7,000 children killed by guns since the December 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting.	Does an ‘Empty Shoes’ Memorial in Washington, D.C. Represent 7,000 Children Killed by Guns Since Sandy Hook?
vclaim-sno-empty-suit	"Editorial by Dr. Jack Wheeler describes Barack Obama as an ""eloquently tailored empty suit."""	Was Barack Obama Described as an ‘Empty Suit’?
vclaim-sno-end-of-the-line	Green Bay tight end Brandon Bostick was shot by a disgruntled Packers fan.	Brandon Bostick Shot by Hardcore Green Bay Packer Fan?
vclaim-sno-endangered-species-missed	Conservationists recently announced that the western black rhino has become extinct.	Is the Western Black Rhino Extinct?
vclaim-sno-endangered-starry-butterfly-pix	A photograph shows an 'endangered starry butterfly.'	Is This an ‘Endangered Starry Butterfly’?
vclaim-sno-endorse-of-a-different-color	The Ku Klux Klan has endorsed Dr. Ben Carson for President.	Ku Klux Klan Endorse Dr. Ben Carson for President?
vclaim-sno-endorsement-enforcement	Students at Liberty University faced a $10 fine if they missed a Ted Cruz speech.	Liberty University Students Faced $10 Fine Over Ted Cruz Speech
vclaim-sno-energy-ceo-disparages-dirty-natives	"Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren said ""America's freedom"" would not be disrupted by ""dirty natives"" engaged in a DAPL protest."	Did an Energy Co. CEO Disparage Native Americans as ‘Dirty Natives’?
vclaim-sno-energy-drink-meth-arrest	Jasper Smith was arrested in North Carolina for selling energy drinks laced with methamphetamine.	Was Jasper Smith Caught Selling ‘Energy Drinks’ Laced with Meth?
vclaim-sno-energy-drink-results-in-hole-in-expectant-fathers-skull	Energy drinks caused an expectant father to lose a large portion of his skull.	Energy Drink Results in Hole in Expectant Father’s Skull?
vclaim-sno-engagement-ring-hidden-necklace	A woman named Anna wore a necklace for two years without knowing that her boyfriend, Terry, had hidden an engagement ring inside it.	Was an Engagement Ring Hidden in a Necklace for 2 Years?
vclaim-sno-engineer-std-sex-robot	A Chinese engineer contracted an STD after having sexual intercourse with a sex robot prototype.	Did an Engineer Contract an STD After Having Sex with a Sex Robot?
vclaim-sno-enormous-grasshopper-montana	A photograph shows a man holding a 3-foot grasshopper.	Did a Man in Montana Catch a Three-Foot Long Grasshopper?
vclaim-sno-enormous-pyramids-just-discovered-in-antarctica	Recently discovered satellite photos from Google Earth show that an ancient civilization built pyramids in Antarctica 100 million years ago.	Were Enormous Pyramids Just Discovered In Antarctica?
vclaim-sno-enough-to-turn-your-head	A motorcyclist’s coat worn backwards leads to his demise.	Motorcycle Coat Worn Backwards
vclaim-sno-epa-clean-power-plan-no-effect	Former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan would have little or no effect on carbon dioxide emissions.	Did Obama’s EPA Director Say the Clean Power Plan Would Have ‘No Effect’ on Carbon Emissions?
vclaim-sno-epa-grant-flint-water	The Environmental Protection Agency awarded $100 million to Flint, Michigan, at the behest of President Trump.	Did President Trump Bestow $100 Million Upon Flint, Michigan?
vclaim-sno-epa-seeks-ban-racecar-conversions	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is banning the conversion of road cars to racecars.	EPA Seeks to Ban Racecar Conversions?
vclaim-sno-epidural-vaccine-targets-blacks	"The government ""knowingly"" injected a birth defect-inducing vaccine into epidurals between 2010 and 2014 to hurt Black women"	Government Targeted Black Women with ‘Epidural Vaccine’
vclaim-sno-epstein-alive-new-mexico	Jeffrey Epstein was spotted driving around at his New Mexico ranch, according to a YouTube clip showing a man in a red truck who resembles Epstein.	Was Jeffrey Epstein Spotted ‘Alive and Well’ in New Mexico?
vclaim-sno-epstein-barr-visit	U.S. Attorney General William Barr secretly visited the prison where billionaire financier Jeffrey Epstein was held “about two weeks” before the latter's death in the summer of 2019.	Did AG Barr Visit Jeffrey Epstein’s Prison Before His Apparent Suicide?
vclaim-sno-epstein-clinton-dress-painting	Jeffrey Epstein once owned or displayed in his home a painting that depicted former President Bill Clinton wearing a blue dress.	Did Jeffrey Epstein Have a Painting of Bill Clinton Wearing a Dress in His Flat?
vclaim-sno-epstein-coroner-foundation	The New York City coroner who signed Jeffrey Epstein’s death certificate was on the Clinton Foundation’s Board of Trustees until 2015.	Was the Coroner Who Declared Epstein’s Death a ‘Suicide’ on Clinton Foundation Payroll?
vclaim-sno-epstein-island-bones	The FBI discovered bones of young children in the waters around the late billionaire Jeffrey Epstein's private island.	Were Bones of Children Found on Jeffrey Epstein’s Island?
vclaim-sno-epstein-judge-dead-suicide	The judge officiating in the case of sex offender Jeffrey Epstein was found dead of an apparent suicide.	Was the Judge in Jeffrey Epstein’s Child-Sex Case Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-epstein-probation-meeting-clintons	A judge set convicted registered sex offender Jeffrey Epstein free on probation in a sex-trafficking case after a meeting with the Clintons.	Did a Judge Give Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein Probation After Meeting with the Clintons?
vclaim-sno-epstein-trumps-photo	A photograph shows Donald and Ivanka Trump with sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	Does This Photo Show Jeffrey Epstein with Donald and Ivanka Trump?
vclaim-sno-equal-writes	A photograph captures a racially contradictory sign imploring that everyone be treated equally.	Everybody Deserves to Be Treated Equally!
vclaim-sno-equestrian-statue	The number of hooves lifted into the air on equestrian statues reveals how the riders died.	Equestrian Statue Code
vclaim-sno-equifax-breach-settlement	The Equifax compensation settlement reported in July 2019 was authentic and potentially allowed members of the public to claim monetary benefits.	Can Eligible People Get Money From the Equifax Breach Settlement?
vclaim-sno-equifax-credit-monitoring-class-action	If you sign up for Equifax's credit-monitoring service, you cannot join any class-action lawsuit against the company.	Does Equifax’s Credit Monitoring Service Bar Users From Joining a Class-Action Suit Against Them?
vclaim-sno-equinimity	The Byrds fired David Crosby in the middle of recording an album, then replaced him with a picture of a horse on its cover.	Did the Byrds Replace David Crosby with a Horse?
vclaim-sno-equipped-quip	A general finds a good comeback when asked about the wisdom of teaching Boy Scouts to shoot.	Teaching Boy Scouts to Shoot
vclaim-sno-eric-braverman-seeks-asylum-in-russia	Former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman sought asylum in Russia after Wikileaks documents unmasked him as a mole.	Kremlin in Turmoil After Clinton Foundation CEO Requests ‘Urgent and Immediate’ Asylum
vclaim-sno-eric-clapton-quote-about-prince	"When someone asked Eric Clapton what it was like to be the greatest guitar player in the world, he responded: ""I don't know, ask Prince."""	Eric Clapton’s Prince
vclaim-sno-eric-clapton-racist-rant	At a concert in 1976, Eric Clapton went on a racist rant, using deeply offensive racial slurs and calling for the deportation of non-whites from Britain.	Did Eric Clapton Once Unleash a Racist Rant Onstage?
vclaim-sno-eric-coomer-dominion-trump	Eric Coomer, director of product strategy and security for Dominion Voting Systems, bragged about rigging the 2020 election against Donald Trump in an antifa conference call.	Did a Dominion Voting Systems Employee Brag About Rigging the Election Against Trump?
vclaim-sno-eric-holder-abortion-clinic	Family relatives of former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder own property used as an abortion clinic.	Does the Family of Former Attorney General Eric Holder Own an Abortion Clinic?
vclaim-sno-eric-holder-participated-in-armed-siege-of-rotc-office	Eric Holder participated in the armed occupation of a Columbia University ROTC office in 1970.	Eric Holder Participated in an Armed Takeover of an ROTC Office
vclaim-sno-eric-swalwell-chinese-spy	A photograph shows U.S. Rep. Eric Swalwell with alleged Chinese spy Christine Fang in 2012.	Does a Photograph Show Rep. Eric Swalwell With Alleged Chinese Spy?
vclaim-sno-eric-swalwell-gun-owners-nukes	In November 2018, Democratic U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell suggested launching nuclear weapons against gun-owners who refused to hand over or sell semi-automatic rifles to the U.S. government.	Did Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell ‘Suggest Nuking’ Gun Owners Who Resist Confiscation?
vclaim-sno-eric-trump-cancel-taxes-wealthy	"Eric Trump said his father planned to ""cancel"" taxes on wealthy people."	Did Eric Trump Say His Father Would Cancel Taxes for Wealthy People?
vclaim-sno-eric-trump-fake-speech-quote	Eric Trump defended his stepmother's speech at the Republican National Convention by saying it was actually Michelle Obama who stole from Melania.	Michelle Obama Stole Her Speech from Melania Trump
vclaim-sno-eric-trump-hispanics-asian-quote	Donald Trump's son Eric said that Hispanic people should be sent back to Asia.	Eric Trump: ‘Hispanics Are Afraid of My Father Because He’ll Send Them Back to Asia’
vclaim-sno-eric-trump-tweet-iran-strike	Eric Trump tweeted about the airstrike that killed Iran Gen. Qassem Soleimani in early 2020 before the military operation took place.	Did Eric Trump Tweet About Iran Strike Before It Was Made Public?
vclaim-sno-eric-trump-tweets-illegal-ballot-selfie	Donald Trump's son, Eric, posted -- and then deleted -- a possibly illegal photograph of his ballot on Twitter.	Eric Trump Tweets (Illegal) Ballot Selfie
vclaim-sno-erie-pennsylvania-trump-ballots	On Election Day 2020, an Erie County, Pennsylvania, poll worker bragged about discarding more than 100 ballots in favor of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Erie County, Penn. Poll Worker Brag About Discarding Trump Ballots?
vclaim-sno-eritrea-multiple-wives	Due to a shortage or men, the Eritrean government has made it mandatory for men to take at least two wives.	FALSE: Eritrean Men Are Being Forced to Marry Multiple Women
vclaim-sno-erma-bombecks-regrets	A dying Erma Bombeck penned a list of misprioritizations she’d come to regret.	Erma Bombeck’s Regrets
vclaim-sno-ermey-press-conference	Text transcribes a press conference given by actor and former Marine R. Lee Ermey.	R. Lee Ermey Press Conference
vclaim-sno-eroticked-off	"Jimi Hendrix was dropped as an opening act from a Monkees tour because the Daughters of the American Revolution complained that his stage act was ""too erotic."""	Was Jimi Hendrix Kicked Off a Monkees Tour?
vclaim-sno-escape-claws	Caught lobsters freed by Buddhists were quickly recaptured by fishermen.	Freed Lobsters Recaptured
vclaim-sno-escape-from-buckingham-palace	A video shows a naked child using bedsheets to escape from an upper story of Buckingham Palace.	Does This Video Show a Naked Child Escaping Buckingham Palace?
vclaim-sno-escherian-stairwell	"A video documents the existence of a never-ending ""Escherian Stairwell."""	Is This ‘Escherian Stairwell’ Real?
vclaim-sno-eshima-ohashi-bridge	A video shows the roller coaster-like Eshima Ohashi Bridge in Japan.	Eshima Ohashi Bridge
vclaim-sno-eskimo-diss	Sarah Palin told Sean Hannity Alaska has “all sorts of Eskimos and other foreigners.”	Sarah Palin: Eskimos and Other Foreigners
vclaim-sno-essie-dunbar-funeral-discovery	A 30-year-old woman was partially buried during a funeral service in 1915, only to be found alive inside the coffin by her grieving sister.	Was Essie Dunbar Discovered Alive in the Coffin During Her Funeral?
vclaim-sno-et-make-bail	A federal law prohibits U.S. citizens from having contact with extraterrestrial beings.	Extraterrestrial Contact Law
vclaim-sno-ethan-hauschultz-bible-verses	At the time of his death in April 2018, 7-year-old Ethan Hauschultz was being punished for not memorizing thirteen Bible verses.	Was a 7-Year-Old Boy Killed for Not Memorizing Bible Verses?
vclaim-sno-etihad-a340-accident	Photographs show an Airbus 340 that crashed into a wall during engine testing after technicians overrode a safety feature.	The Tale of the Arab Flight Crew
vclaim-sno-eu-flag-star-brexit	The European Union flag will lose a star after the Brexit vote.	European Union Flag to Lose a Star After Brexit Vote
vclaim-sno-eu-jewish-products-labels	"In the summer of 2019, based on advice from an advocate general, the European Court of Justice was set to require ""Jewish-made"" products to be labeled as such."	Did an EU Official Recommend Adding ‘Jewish-Made’ Warning Labels to Products?
vclaim-sno-euroneous	President Obama has ordered the Federal Reserve to adopt the Euro.	Obama Orders Fed to Adopt Euro Currency
vclaim-sno-europe-childless-leaders	Most leaders of European countries do not have children.	Is Europe Governed by ‘Childless Baby Boomers’?
vclaim-sno-europe-visa-etias	In March 2019, the European Union announced that, beginning in 2021, certain non-European travellers (including U.S. citizens) would require a visa to visit Europe.	Will U.S. Citizens Need a New Visa to Visit Europe Starting in 2021?
vclaim-sno-european-jews-protesting-deportation	A photograph shows a couple protesting a Jewish man’s deportation from the U.S. back to Nazi Germany.	Is This a Photograph of European Jews Protesting Deportation from the U.S. to Nazi Germany?
vclaim-sno-european-parental-leave-benefits	Canada, Norway, and Germany each offer federally paid family leave programs ranging from 35 weeks to 1 year in length.	European Parental Leave Benefits
vclaim-sno-european-union-gag-order-on-revealing-muslim-terrorists-religion	The European Union ordered reporters to not reporting whether a terrorist is Muslim.	European Union Gag Order On Revealing Muslim Terrorists’ Religion
vclaim-sno-euthanasia-counseling	The health care bill currently before Congress mandates that seniors be given euthanasia counseling every five years.	Euthanasia Counseling
vclaim-sno-euthanasia-cruises	"A Florida company offers ""euthanasia cruises"" on which terminally ill and suicidal passengers end their lives by jumping overboard."	Does a Florida Company Offer ‘Euthanasia Cruises’?
vclaim-sno-eva-braun-children-separated	Eva Braun, Adolf Hitler's mistress turned wife, said that she hated seeing children separated from their parents but that people shouldn't blame the Führer.	Did Eva Braun Say She ‘Hated Seeing Children Separated from Their Parents’ But Not to Blame Hitler?
vclaim-sno-eva-ramon-gallegos-hpv	Did a Mexican researcher eliminate HPV in hundreds of women using photodynamic therapy?	Did a Mexican Researcher Develop a Potential Treatment for HPV?
vclaim-sno-evan-longoria-catch	A video shows Tampa Bay infielder Evan Longoria making an amazing bare-handed catch during an interview.	Evan Longoria’s Crazy Bare Hand Catch
vclaim-sno-evan-trembley	A 15-year-old boy named Evan Trembley is missing.	Missing Child: Evan Trembley
vclaim-sno-evangeli-cull	A movement is underway to change the Bible by removing all references to Israel and claiming Jesus was not a Jew but a Palestinian.	Rewriting the Bible to Remove References to Israel?
vclaim-sno-evangelical-trump-gay	"Evangelical leader Kenneth Copeland said opponents of President Trump could be ""punished"" with gay children."	Did an Evangelical Leader Say Trump Opposers Might be Punished With a Gay Child?
vclaim-sno-evelyn-nesbit-wild-west	"Photographs of actress Evelyn Nesbit are accurate representations of ""Wild West"" history."	No, Photos of Evelyn Nesbit Do Not Represent ‘Wild West’ History
vclaim-sno-everpet-dog-food	EverPet brand dog and cat food is made in China and has caused pets to fall ill and die in the U.S.	EverPet Dog Food
vclaim-sno-every-other-given-sunday	President Obama has limited churches to offering twice-monthly services.	Obama Places Limits on Church Services
vclaim-sno-every-sperm-is-sacred	"Anti-abortion groups are claiming every sperm cell is ""a life."""	Pro-Lifers Declare Every Sperm Is Sacred
vclaim-sno-everylegalvote-2020-election	The website everylegalvote.com provides empirical evidence that U.S. President Donald Trump would have won the 2020 general election were it not for voter fraud.	Does Everylegalvote.com Show Impact of Voter Fraud on 2020 Elections?
vclaim-sno-everyone-who-has-cancer-has-a-ph-that-is-too-acidic	Everyone with cancer has a pH that is too acidic.	Does Everyone with Cancer Have a pH That Is Too Acidic?
vclaim-sno-everyones-leaving-los-angeles	Everyone is leaving Los Angeles in a mass exodus in 2020.	Is ‘Everyone’ Leaving Los Angeles in a ‘Mass Exodus’?
vclaim-sno-everything-donald-trump-accomplished	An online graphic accurately details President Trump's notable accomplishments during his first four months in office.	Everything Donald Trump Has Accomplished in Just Four Months?
vclaim-sno-evian-and-jaron	Bottled water giant Evian named its product as a sly dig at consumers.	Evian
vclaim-sno-evilstick-princess-wand	"A Dollar Store princess wand called the ""Evilstick"" had a hidden image of a ""demonic"" girl cutting her wrists."	Evilstick ‘Princess Wand’ Images Horrify Parents
vclaim-sno-evolution-fresh-drinks	Evolution Fresh brand cold-pressed juices and smoothies are 'poison.'	Are Evolution Fresh Drinks ‘Poison’?
vclaim-sno-ewan-mcgregor-brother-obi-two	"Colin McGregor, the brother of actor Ewan McGregor (who played Obi-Wan Kenobi), used the call sign ""Obi-Two"" in the Royal Air Force."	Did Ewan McGregor’s Brother Use ‘Obi-Two’ Call Sign in Royal Air Force?
vclaim-sno-ewoks-cave-thailand	A video shows an alien-like creature known as the 'Chay Na' near a cave in Thailand.	Were Ewok-Like Creatures Called ‘Chay Na Men’ Found Near a Cave in Thailand?
vclaim-sno-ex-police-dog-barks-at-tree	An ex-police dog named Kyle kept barking at a tree because of a dead body hidden inside.	Did an Ex-Police Dog Bark at a Dead Body in a Tree?
vclaim-sno-ex-presidents-warn-against-trump	All living former Presidents of the United States have urged Americans to not vote for Donald Trump.	All Living Ex-Presidents Warn Against Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-excavator-crush-mercedez-viral-ad	A video shows an unpaid employee destroying the boss' Mercedes Benz automobile with an excavator.	Did a Worker Smash His Boss’ Mercedes Benz After Not Being Paid for Several Months?
vclaim-sno-exchange-berate	Prisoners swapped in exchange for the release of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are now “ISIS leaders.”	FALSE: Terrorist Exchanged for Bowe Bergdahl Now Top ISIS Commander
vclaim-sno-exclusive-club	A legendary golfer is rewarded by a sultan with the gift of a golf club.	Golf Club Gift
vclaim-sno-excrement-tattoo	A woman sued her ex-boyfriend for surreptitiously tattooing a pile of excrement on her back.	Did a Man Secretly Tattoo Excrement on His Ex-Girlfriend’s Back?
vclaim-sno-execute-babies	"Women and doctors meet to determine whether to ""execute"" newborn babies."	Do Women Meet With Doctors to Determine Whether to ‘Execute’ Newborn Babies?
vclaim-sno-executive-salaries-charities	An Article accurately compares the salaries of top executives of several large charitable organizations.	Think Before You Donate!
vclaim-sno-exer-hide	Exer-Hide brand rawhide chew products for dogs are contaminated with toxins or rubber bands.	Exer-Hide Warning
vclaim-sno-exhibit-b-5	Video shows a woman being hit by a car after fleeing her home from a prank intruder.	Exhibit B-5: Girl Gets Hit by Car After Prank Goes Wrong
vclaim-sno-exorcise-shoes	Reebok once marketed the “Incubus,” a shoe named for a demon who violates women in their sleep.	Incubus Shoe
vclaim-sno-expelled-school-rainbow	Whitefield Academy in Kentucky expelled a 15-year-old student for wearing a rainbow-patterned sweater and having a rainbow-designed birthday cake in a Facebook photograph.	Did a Christian School Expel a Student For Wearing Rainbow-Patterned Sweater?
vclaim-sno-experimental-nazi-missile-aimed-at-u-s	An experimental Nazi missile launched in 1944 is expected to enter orbit, and threatens the midwestern United States.	Is an Experimental Nazi Missile Aimed at the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-experts-officials-pandemic-2018	Experts and officials warned in 2018 that the U.S. government would be unable to respond effectively to a pandemic.	Did Experts and Officials Warn in 2018 US Couldn’t Respond Effectively to a Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-expired-cake-mix	Expired boxes of cake and pancake mix are dangerously toxic.	Is Expired Cake Mix Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-exploding-pyrex	Pyrex brand glass bakeware is now manufactured from a different material and is more susceptible to breakage.	Does Pyrex Brand Bakeware Shatter?
vclaim-sno-exploding-trees-trump	"U.S. President Donald Trump stated ""exploding trees"" played a role in West Coast wildfires."	Did Trump Say Wildfires Are Caused by Exploding Trees?
vclaim-sno-explosion-al-frankens-montana-ranch-kill-6-people	An explosion at Al Franken's Montana ranch killed six people.	Did an Explosion at Al Franken’s Montana Ranch Kill 6 People?
vclaim-sno-explosion-moab-afghanistan	A video shows a huge detonation in Afghanistan in April 2017.	Was This Huge Explosion Caused by the ‘MOAB’ in Afghanistan?
vclaim-sno-explosive-news	A series of underground atomic explosions have taken place at the crippled nuclear plant in Fukushima, Japan.	Underground Nuclear Explosion at Crippled Japan Atomic Plant Shocks World
vclaim-sno-express-gender-symbol	The Washington Post's free daily newspaper used a male gender symbol to illustrate a cover story about women's rights.	Did ‘Express’ Use the Male Gender Symbol for a Women’s Rights Cover?
vclaim-sno-expressive-lane	Photograph shows a store’s express lane sign that illustrates the item limit with ‘this many’ fingers.	Express Lane Sign
vclaim-sno-extinction-rebellion-nazi-stickers	"A photograph shows an official Extinction Rebellion sticker reading, ""Driving a car? You're a Nazi."""	Did Extinction Rebellion Post ‘Drive a Car? You’re a Nazi’ Stickers?
vclaim-sno-extraterrestrial-material-asteroid	Japanese scientists confirmed that the asteroid explorer Hyabusu2 successfully collected and returned soil and gas samples from the asteroid Ryugu 190 million miles from Earth.	Did Scientists Recover ‘Extraterrestrial Material’ from Asteroid 190 Million Miles from Earth?
vclaim-sno-extreme-theme-park-thrill-ride	A video shows an extreme thrill ride found at an amusement park.	Does This Video Show an Extreme Theme Park Thrill Ride?
vclaim-sno-eyeball-tattoos	It's possible to tattoo the whites of your eyes.	Are Eyeball Tattoos a Real Thing?
vclaim-sno-ezra-taft-benson-vote	Ezra Taft Benson said that voting for the lesser of two evils is still voting for evil, and one will be judged for it.	Ezra Taft Benson’s ‘If You Vote for the Lesser of Two Evils’ Quote
vclaim-sno-f-35-vertical-takeoff-flip	Video clip shows an F-35 executing a vertical flip on takeoff.	F-35 Vertical Takeoff Flip
vclaim-sno-f-stop	The FCC is considering modifying its indecency policies regarding the use of profanity and non-sexual nudity on radio and television.	FCC Indecency Standards
vclaim-sno-f1-key-virus	A form of malware can be activated by prompting Internet Explorer users to press the F1 key.	F1 Key Virus
vclaim-sno-fabian-suarez-wastehistime-murder	A Denver man murdered a woman whose behavior was inspired by the #WasteHisTime hashtag on Twitter.	Fabian Suarez #WasteHisTime Murder
vclaim-sno-fabric-nation	"President Obama said that ""Muslims built the very fabric of our nation."""	Did Obama Say ‘Muslims Built the Fabric of Our Nation’?
vclaim-sno-face-masks-legionnaires-disease	Legionnaires' disease can be contracted from a face mask used repeatedly.	Can You Get Legionnaires’ Disease from Face Masks?
vclaim-sno-face-the-camera	Photograph shows an ATM sign which warns users that making faces into a security camera is a federal crime.	Face the Camera
vclaim-sno-faceapp-russians-photographs	"If you did the ""age challenge"" and used FaceApp to upload your picture, Russians now own all of your photographs."	If You Used FaceApp, Do Russians Now Own All of Your Photographs?
vclaim-sno-facebook-39no-religion39-campaign	As of 20 March 2014, Facebook will be banning all posts expressing religious beliefs.	Facebook ‘No Religion’ Campaign
vclaim-sno-facebook-active-sessions	A review of Facebook Active Sessions will reveal unauthorized users currently accessing one’s Facebook account.	Facebook Active Sessions
vclaim-sno-facebook-ads	Facebook will use your photograph in advertisements unless you change an account setting.	Facebook Ads
vclaim-sno-facebook-ai-developed-own-language	Concerned artificial intelligence researchers hurriedly abandoned an experimental chatbot program after they realized that the bots were inventing their own language.	Did Facebook Shut Down an AI Experiment Because Chatbots Developed Their Own Language?
vclaim-sno-facebook-amen-ban	"Facebook is banning ""amen"" posts."	Facebook to Ban ‘Amen Posts’
vclaim-sno-facebook-analytics-electoral-map-shows-trump-sweep	"An electoral map based on Facebook analytics shows Donald Trump winning the 2016 presidential election in a ""clean sweep."""	‘Facebook Analytics’ Electoral Map Shows Trump Sweep
vclaim-sno-facebook-australia-ban	In February 2021, Facebook banned its own page while implementing an initiative to ban all news publications on its Australian platform.	Did Facebook Ban Its Own Page in Australia?
vclaim-sno-facebook-ban-livestreamed-music	As of Oct. 1, 2020, Facebook will ban livestreams and videos on their products that “create a music listening experience.”	Is Facebook Banning Livestreamed Music Events?
vclaim-sno-facebook-ban-posts-save-children	Facebook is blocking or banning posts using the hashtag #SavetheChildren.	Is Facebook Banning Posts Using the Hashtag #SavetheChildren?
vclaim-sno-facebook-bans-christian-content	Facebook is banning all Christian-themed content but will allow every other religion to share faith-based material on their social network.	Did Facebook Ban All Christian-Themed Content?
vclaim-sno-facebook-bernie-blackout	Facebook is censoring posts about Bernie Sanders and the hashtag #FeelTheBern.	Facebook ‘Bernie Blackout’?
vclaim-sno-facebook-birthday-donations	Facebook users who donated to charities on a one-time basis were actually debited that amount every month for one year.	Do Facebook Donations Recur Every Month Even When a User Chooses a One-Time Contribution?
vclaim-sno-facebook-breast-cancer-awareness	Setting your Facebook status to match your bra color or where you place your purse will help boost breast cancer awareness.	Bra Color As Facebook Status
vclaim-sno-facebook-cancellation	Facebook is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don't like or share a particular message:	Facebook Cancellation Notice
vclaim-sno-facebook-car-giveaway	You can win a free car by liking or sharing a post.	Facebook Car Giveaway
vclaim-sno-facebook-cartoon-characters	Changing your Facebook profile picture to one of a cartoon character will enable pedophiles to more easily make friends with children online.	Cartoon Character As Facebook Profile Picture
vclaim-sno-facebook-categorize-users-political-preferences	There is a section of every Facebook user profile that attempts to list them by political category.	Does Facebook Categorize Users By Political Preferences?
vclaim-sno-facebook-check-in-at-standing-rock	"Facebook users can assist Standing Rock protesters by ""checking in"" at the site to confuse the Morton County Sheriff's Department."	Facebook Check-In at Standing Rock
vclaim-sno-facebook-closure	Facebook will be closing down for good on 15 May 2013.	Facebook Will End on May 15th, 2013
vclaim-sno-facebook-cold-stone-pregnancy-discount	Cold Stone Creamery is giving free or discounted ice cream to female customers that appear to be pregnant.	Facebook Cold Stone Pregnancy Discount
vclaim-sno-facebook-copy-and-paste-dont-share-hackers	"Publishing ""copy and paste"" and ""don't share"" status messages on Facebook leave users vulnerable to hacking."	Do Facebook ‘Copy and Paste, Don’t Share’ Posts Make Your Account Hackable?
vclaim-sno-facebook-data-breach-cash	"Facebook users are entitled to $17,500 each as compensation over a ""data breach"" involving Cambridge Analytica."	Can Facebook Users Receive $17,500 Each Over a ‘Data Breach’?
vclaim-sno-facebook-declaration-of-independence-hate-speech	"Facebook (or its algorithms) flagged the Declaration of Independence as ""hate speech"" in July 2018."	Did Facebook Flag the Declaration of Independence as Hate Speech?
vclaim-sno-facebook-deleting-inactive-likes	Facebook is deleting likes generated by now-inactive accounts.	Facebook Deleting Inactive Likes?
vclaim-sno-facebook-drug-task-force	Facebook will be working with the DEA to monitor all Facebook posts for indications of drug use.	Facebook Drug Task Force
vclaim-sno-facebook-extreme-hackers-warning	Extreme hackers are gaining control of people's personal information via links to web sites offering Facebook users the opportunity to see what they look like bald, or as a member of the opposite sex, etc.	Are Hackers Stealing Private Information via ‘What Would You Look Like Bald’ Facebook Apps?
vclaim-sno-facebook-firearms-gun-sales-policy	Facebook has banned the sale of firearms	Facebook Bans Unlicensed Private Gun Sales
vclaim-sno-facebook-graph-app-privacy	Facebook’s “Graph App” makes your private Facebook content visible to strangers.	Facebook Graph App Privacy
vclaim-sno-facebook-greatest-gift-group	"The Facebook group ""Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life"" was created by pedophiles to gain access to kids' photos."	Facebook ‘Greatest Gift’ Group
vclaim-sno-facebook-groups-participate	Facebook has been kicking inactive users out of groups.	Is Facebook Kicking People Out of Groups Who Don’t Participate?
vclaim-sno-facebook-hack-hurt-offend	Hackers are seizing control of Facebook accounts to post insulting, hurtful, and offensive messages on the walls of friends.	Does a Facebook Hack ‘Hurt and Offend’ Friends?
vclaim-sno-facebook-hacker-alert-2	Facebook notifications stating that someone has commented on your status point to password-stealing login pages.	Facebook Hacker Alert
vclaim-sno-facebook-hacker-alert	Facebook notifications stating that someone has commented on your status point to password-stealing login pages.	Facebook Hacker Alert
vclaim-sno-facebook-id	As of 30 March 2014, Facebook will require that all account holders provide a photocopy of their personal ID.	Facebook ID Required?
vclaim-sno-facebook-implementing-user-fees	Facebook has announced plans to start charging fees to users of the social network.	Is Facebook Implementing User Fees?
vclaim-sno-facebook-indexing	A recent change now allows all of your private Facebook information to be automatically indexed by search engines.	Facebook Search Engine Indexing
vclaim-sno-facebook-korean-war-photo	Facebook is taking down a photograph showing the interment of the remains of U.S. war dead returned by North Korea.	Is Facebook Taking Down a Photograph Showing the Burial of Korean War Remains?
vclaim-sno-facebook-lifts-nipple-ban	Facebook revised its position on to female toplessness or nipple exposure in imagery as of May 2017.	Has Facebook Reversed Their ‘Nipple Ban’?
vclaim-sno-facebook-listens	The Facebook 'Identify TV and Music' app spies on users by listening to and recording sounds through their phones, and uses ambient conversation to tailor advertising.	Facebook Listens?
vclaim-sno-facebook-look-back	The Facebook “Look Back” mini-movie function is the work of a hacker.	Facebook Look Back
vclaim-sno-facebook-lords-prayer	Facebook has a policy against users' posting the text of the Lord's Prayer.	Does Facebook Prohibit Posting of the Lord’s Prayer?
vclaim-sno-facebook-messenger-privacy-warning	Use of the Facebook Messenger app requires user acceptance of many privacy-violating conditions.	Does Facebook Messenger Require Acceptance of Invasive Conditions?
vclaim-sno-facebook-military-emblems	"Facebook doesn't consider military emblems ""appropriate"" on their social network."	Did Facebook Rule That Military Emblems Are Not Appropriate?
vclaim-sno-facebook-no-marijuana-campaign	Facebook has instituted a campaign banning marijuana-related posts and threatened to terminate the accounts of repeat offenders.	Facebook ‘No Marijuana’ Campaign
vclaim-sno-facebook-no-swearing-campaign	Facebook has instituted a 'no swearing' campaign and threatened to lock the accounts of users who employ profanity.	Has Facebook Launched a ‘No Swearing’ Campaign?
vclaim-sno-facebook-open-phones-camera	User videos taken in November 2019 showed Facebook's mobile application inadvertently opening the phone's camera in the background.	Did Some Phone Cameras Inadvertently Open While Users Scrolled Facebook App?
vclaim-sno-facebook-paying-spies	Instructions explain how to block Facebook users who are following you without your knowledge.	Are Facebook Users Secretly Following You?
vclaim-sno-facebook-pirates	"Facebook ""pirates"" perpetrate scams by setting up look-alike Facebook accounts that copy other users' profiles."	Are Facebook Pirates ‘Cloning’ Accounts?
vclaim-sno-facebook-plymouth-hoe-apologize	Facebook apologized for erroneously removing posts about an English park named Plymouth Hoe.	Did Facebook Apologize for Removing ‘Plymouth Hoe’ Posts?
vclaim-sno-facebook-posts-made-public	Posting a legal notice on your Facebook wall or Instagram feed will protect you from having all your posts and photos made public.	Will Posting This Notice Stop Facebook or Instagram from Making Your Posts Public?
vclaim-sno-facebook-privacy-removal	Facebook has “deleted all privacy settings” and is “getting rid of its privacy policy.”	FALSE: Facebook Privacy Removal
vclaim-sno-facebook-privacy	A message provides valid instructions for stopping strangers from seeing your activity on Facebook.	Facebook Privacy Warning
vclaim-sno-facebook-private-messages	Your Facebook private inbox messages are now visible for all to see.	Facebook Private Messages
vclaim-sno-facebook-quiz-scams	Police warned that Facebook quizzes could lead to identity theft.	Did Police Warn That Facebook Quizzes Could Lead to Identity Theft?
vclaim-sno-facebook-ramnit-worm	The Ramnit worm has been stealing Facebook credentials.	Facebook Ramnit Worm
vclaim-sno-facebook-reactions-is-dangerous	"Police warned that using ""Facebook Reactions"" is dangerous."	Police Warn Using ‘Facebook Reactions’ Is Dangerous
vclaim-sno-facebook-removing-amputee-photos	"Facebook is removing photographs of military amputees from their network, deeming them ""offensive."""	Is Facebook Removing Military Amputee Photos?
vclaim-sno-facebook-rnc-sponsor	Facebook has announced they will be sponsoring the upcoming Republican National Convention.	Is Facebook Sponsoring the Republican National Convention?
vclaim-sno-facebook-santa-jesus-image	"Facebook ""censored"" an image of Santa Claus kneeling before baby Jesus."	Did Facebook ‘Censor’ an Image of Santa Kneeling Before Baby Jesus?
vclaim-sno-facebook-search-porn	"In late January 2021, following a Facebook outage, typing a single letter or the word ""video"" in the Facebook search bar returned pornographic videos."	Was Porn Showing Up in Facebook Video Search After Outage?
vclaim-sno-facebook-security-padlock	Facebook “padlock” security feature is really a ruse by hackers to gain access to your account.	Facebook Security Padlock
vclaim-sno-facebook-sexual-videos	"Hackers are inserting ""sexual videos"" into the walls and profiles of your Facebook friends."	Are Facebook Hackers Posting ‘Sexual Videos’?
vclaim-sno-facebook-standing-rock-dhs-fbi	Facebook pop-up windows are warning that the Department of Homeland Security (acting under a bill known as CISPA) is forwarding entire Facebook histories of Standing Rock protesters to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.	Is Facebook Forwarding Standing Rock Protester Profiles to DHS, FBI?
vclaim-sno-facebook-suspend-account-whistleblower-exposed-cambridge-analytica	Whistleblower Christopher Wylie's Facebook account was suspended after he came forward with allegations that Cambridge Analytica improperly acquired users' profile data.	Did Facebook Suspend the Account of the Whistleblower Who Exposed Cambridge Analytica?
vclaim-sno-facebook-ted-ad	Facebook allowed a pro-pedophilia ad to run on their social media network.	Did Facebook Allow a Pro-Pedophilia Ad to Run?
vclaim-sno-facebook-using-profile-photos-privacy-policy-rule	A new Facebook policy allows advertisers to use members' pictures without permission.	Does Facebook’s Policy Allow Them to Use Your Photos in Ads?
vclaim-sno-facebook-usmc-ban	Facebook has deemed the posting of the U.S. Marine Corps emblem a violation of the network's community standards.	Did Facebook Ban the Posting of U.S. Marine Corps Emblems?
vclaim-sno-facebook-video-ads	Facebook is seeking input on the imminent introduction of video-based advertisements to its network.	Facebook Video Ads
vclaim-sno-facebook-write-off-birthdays	Facebook uses birthday donations from its users as tax-deductible write-offs.	Does Facebook ‘Write Off’ Your Birthday Donations?
vclaim-sno-facebookcnn-car-accident-appeal	Facebook and CNN are contributing money towards the medical care an infant car accident victim every time a message is shared.	Facebook/CNN Car Accident Appeal
vclaim-sno-facebooks-hidden-inbox	Facebook has not one, but two filtered message inboxes where Messenger messages may not be easily seen.	Facebook’s Hidden Other Inbox
vclaim-sno-faces-in-the-cloud	Images of the World Trade Center fire reveal the face of Satan.	Faces in the Cloud
vclaim-sno-fact-check-girl-scouts-radical-policies	Letter from Indiana state representative accuses the Girl Scouts of being a radicalized organization that promotes abortions and homosexuality.	FACT CHECK: Girl Scouts Have Radical Policies?
vclaim-sno-fact-check-mcdonalds-creates-nutella-burger	McDonald's has a burger filled with Nutella.	McDonald’s Creates Nutella Burger
vclaim-sno-facts-about-dreamers-meme	"A social media meme cites accurate statistics to dispute the claim that so-called ""Dreamers"" have had a positive impact on American society."	Checking the Facts About ‘Dreamers’
vclaim-sno-facts-about-slavery	"A circulating list of nine historical ""facts"" about slavery accurately details the participation of non-whites in slave ownership and trade in America."	9 ‘Facts’ About Slavery They Don’t Want You to Know
vclaim-sno-failed-impeachment-nullify-term	The U.S. Constitution states that if a president is impeached by the House but not convicted by the Senate, that person's first term is nullified and they are eligible to run for office two more times.	Does a Failed Impeachment Nullify Presidential Term, Allow Extra Reelection?
vclaim-sno-failing-marx	Passage from Karl Marx’s	Karl Marx on Consumer Debt
vclaim-sno-fairfax-county-racism-posting	A Fairfax County schoolteacher informed a student's mother that her black child was singled out by other students as likely to be deported if Donald Trump were elected.	Fairfax County Third-Grade Racism Posting
vclaim-sno-fairfax-gave-biden-extra-votes	"Fairfax County, Virginia, ""gave"" U.S. 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden an extra 100,000 votes."	No, Fairfax County Didn’t Give Biden 100K Extra Votes in Virginia
vclaim-sno-faith-is-more-powerful-than-government	"President Donald Trump once said that ""faith is more powerful than government."""	Did President Trump Say That ‘Faith Is More Powerful Than Government?’
vclaim-sno-faith-no-more	President Obama implemented a new government policy prohibiting	Military Speakers at Faith-Based Events
vclaim-sno-faith-of-our-fathers	Minister refueling his car from an unusual container attracts comment.	Minister and Gasless Car
vclaim-sno-faithbook	Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has converted to Islam.	Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg Has Converted to Islam
vclaim-sno-fake-amber-alert-plate-72b-381	An Amber Alert was issued for three-year-old girl taken by man in a grey car.	Fake Amber Alert: Plate 72B 381
vclaim-sno-fake-amber-alert-plate-98b-351	An Amber Alert was issued for a three-year-old boy taken by a man in a 2006 Mitsubishi Eclipse.	Fake Amber Alert: Plate 98B 351
vclaim-sno-fake-anti-marijuana-picture-rips-off-walking-dead-producer	A picture of a man with his head split open documents the effect of marijuana use.	Fake Anti-Marijuana Picture Rips Off ‘Walking Dead’ Producer
vclaim-sno-fake-aoc-purge-tweet	"AOC tweeted after the 2020 election that now that Joe Biden is president, Democrats can commence with ""the Purge."""	No, AOC Didn’t Tweet About ‘The Purge’
vclaim-sno-fake-beto-tweet	"Former U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke vowed to ""drop my nudes"" if the state of Texas goes to the Democrats in the 2020 general election."	No, Beto O’Rourke Didn’t Promise To ‘Drop My Nudes’ If Texas Goes Blue
vclaim-sno-fake-biden-arrest-warrant	An arrest warrant has been issued for U.S. President-elect Joe Biden.	No, This Isn’t an ‘Arrest Warrant’ for Joe Biden
vclaim-sno-fake-boos-world-series-tweet	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted about banning ""fake boos"" after being booed at the 2019 World Series."	Did Trump Tweet About Banning ‘Fake Boos’ in Public?
vclaim-sno-fake-cigarettes-are-being-sold-and-killing-people	Counterfeit packs of fake cigarettes found in Detroit are lethal.	Fake Cigarettes are Being Sold and Killing People
vclaim-sno-fake-clint-eastwood-quote	Clint Eastwood said that Americans should be less concerned about offending each other and more concerned about offending god.	Fake Clint Eastwood Quote
vclaim-sno-fake-crocodile-dundee-trailer	"A sequel to the film ""Crocodile Dundee"" will be released in June 2018."	Is a ‘Crocodile Dundee’ Sequel Being Released in 2018?
vclaim-sno-fake-donald-trump-drops-out	Donald Trump suspended his presidential campaign in December 2015.	Donald Trump Drops White House Bid?
vclaim-sno-fake-id-seized-chicago-fraud	Thousands of fake driver’s licenses smuggled from China and Hong Kong and seized in Chicago’s O’Hare Airport since early 2020 were linked to voter-fraud operations, and could produce millions of illegally cast votes in the November 2020 U.S. general election.	Were 20,000 Fake IDs Seized at Chicago Airport Part of a Voter-Fraud Scheme?
vclaim-sno-fake-mar-a-lago-invite	Five congressional Republicans invited Trump supporters to Mar-a-Lago with free lodging, meals, and prizes included.	Did GOP Congressmen Invite Trump Supporters to Mar-a-Lago?
vclaim-sno-fake-news-missing-scientist-found	A scientist missing for over 20 years was found living in a secret drug lab in a Minnesota couple's basement.	Scientist Missing for Over 20 Years Found Living Inside Secret LSD Drug Lab Hidden in Basement
vclaim-sno-fake-nurses	U.S. President Donald Trump hired “fake nurses” to pose with him during his visit to Miami Valley Hospital following the August 2019 Dayton, Ohio, mass shooting.	Did Trump Hire ‘Fake Nurses’ to Pose With Him During His Visit to Dayton?
vclaim-sno-fake-parking-attendant	A phony carpark attendant collected parking fees outside the Bristol Zoo for over twenty years.	Phony Carpark Attendant Collects Parking Fees
vclaim-sno-fake-photographs-hurricane-harvey-edition	A series of photographs show the impact of Hurricane Harvey.	Fake Photographs: Harvey Edition
vclaim-sno-fake-real-food-tests	"The factual claims made in a Facebook video entitled ""Is your food fake or real? Find out with these 16 easy tests at home!"" are valid."	Are These ‘16 Easy Tests’ to Check Whether Food Is ‘Fake or Real’?
vclaim-sno-fake-snow-asbestos	A photograph shows vintage box of fake snow decor made of the carcinogen asbestos.	Was Fake Snow Made from Asbestos Marketed as Christmas Decor?
vclaim-sno-fake-snow-texas	The winter storm in Texas in February 2021 featured government-manufactured snow.	Was the Snow in Texas Artificially Manufactured by the Government?
vclaim-sno-fake-teletubby-lake-photo	A photograph shows a lake that resembles a Teletubby character.	Teletubby Lake Is Not Real
vclaim-sno-fake-trump-groping-plot	Leaked DNC e-mails from May 2016 reveal a plot to contrive fake stories about Donald Trump groping women.	WikiLeaks Exposes Fake Trump Groping Plot
vclaim-sno-fake-trump-tweet	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted in late December 2020 that he was invoking ""Martial Law."""	No, Trump Didn’t Tweet That He Had Declared Martial Law
vclaim-sno-fake-tweet-parkland-survivor-david-hogg	David Hogg posted a homophobic slur on Twitter in June 2016.	Did a Parkland Survivor Tweet a Homophobic Slur?
vclaim-sno-fake-wendys-chili-rumor	A Wendy's employee admitted that was putting his feces into the restaurant's chili.	Did a Wendy’s Employee Admit to “Pooping” in Chili for Over 2 Years?
vclaim-sno-falcon-ambassador-bridge	A falcon landed directly in front of a camera installed atop the Ambassador Bridge over the Detroit River, producing a striking image.	Did a Falcon Land Right in Front of a Camera Atop the Ambassador Bridge?
vclaim-sno-fallen-angel-2	Photographs show a real-life fallen angel that was captured after it dropped from the skies.	Fallen Angel
vclaim-sno-fallen-angel	A disconsolate abandoned wife tries to end it all by jumping out the apartment window; she accidentally lands on her errant husband and kills him but walks away unscathed.	Did a Woman Fall Upon and Kill Her Husband in a Suicide Attempt?
vclaim-sno-fallen-empires	Fox has cancelled the second season of	Has the Second Season of Empire Been Cancelled?
vclaim-sno-fallen-like-leaves	A father parks his truck atop a leaf pile containing his daughter, killing her.	Leaf Pile Fatality
vclaim-sno-false-15-year-old-who-swatted-gamer-convicted-of-domestic-terrorism	"A teenager was given a 25-year prison sentence for a prank known as ""swatting."""	Was a 15 Year Old Who ‘SWATTED’ Gamer Convicted of Domestic Terrorism?
vclaim-sno-false-42-million-dead-in-bloodiest-black-friday-weekend-on-record	"Some 42 million people were killed over Thanksgiving weekend in violent incidents stemming from shoppers competing for ""Black Friday"" bargains."	Were 42 Million People Killed in the Bloodiest Black Friday Weekend on Record?
vclaim-sno-false-baby-dragon-photo	A photograph shows a newly hatched baby dragon.	Is This a Newly Hatched Dragon?
vclaim-sno-false-blue-monday	Scientists have determined a date in January is statistically the most depressing day of the year.	Is ‘Blue Monday’ the Most Depressing Day of the Year?
vclaim-sno-false-boston-marathon-bomber-tsarnaev-severely-injured-in-prison	Convicted Boston Marathon bomber Djokhar Tsarnaev  was badly beaten in prison.	Boston Marathon Bomber Tsarnaev Severely Injured in Prison?
vclaim-sno-false-coffin-corner	The Obama administration has ordered $1 billion worth of 'disposable coffins' for use with 'FEMA camps.'	Obama Quietly Orders Millions of Disposable Coffins?
vclaim-sno-false-dalai-lama-atheist	The Dalai Lama is has renounced religion and is pursuing a career as a sitcom writer.	The Dalai Lama Converts to Atheism, Will Step Down to Pursue Sitcom Career
vclaim-sno-false-donald-trump-ban-canada	Donald Trump has been banned from entering Canada.	FALSE: Justin Trudeau Bans Donald Trump from Entering Canada
vclaim-sno-false-donald-trump-has-died-possible-heart-attack	"Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has died of a ""violent heart attack."""	Did Donald Trump Die of a Heart Attack?
vclaim-sno-false-einstein-humiliates-professor	"While a college student, Albert Einstein humiliated an atheist professor by using the ""Evil is the absence of God"" argument on him."	Did Albert Einstein Humiliate an Atheist Professor?
vclaim-sno-false-executive-orders	President Obama has issued a whopping 923 executive orders, many of which give the government unprecedented power to take over control of civilian institutions.	Executive Orders
vclaim-sno-false-fda-approves-tranquilizer-dart-guns-that-puts-kids-to-sleep	A new tranquilizer dart gun on the market is designed to put children to sleep.	FDA Approves Tranquilizer Dart Guns That Puts Kids to Sleep
vclaim-sno-false-flag-2	NFL referee Pete Morelli quit after being paid $500,000 for his officiating at 2014 Cowboys-Lions playoff game.	Cowboys vs’ Detroit Lions Referee Quits After Coming Into $500,000
vclaim-sno-false-flag-operation	Photograph shows First Lady Michelle Obama waving Communist flags in China.	Michelle Obama Waves Communist Flags
vclaim-sno-false-giant-hawaiian-cane-spider	Photograph shows a Giant Hawaiian Cane Spider on the side of a house.	Is This Giant Spider Real?
vclaim-sno-false-head-and-shoulders-video	Video shows the deleterious results of using Head & Shoulders shampoo.	You Will Not Use Head and Shoulders Shampoo After Watching This Video
vclaim-sno-false-hippopotamus-milk-pink	Hippopotamuses are the only animals that produce naturally pink milk.	Is Hippopotamus Milk Pink?
vclaim-sno-false-ikea-selling-a-swastika-table	The IKEA furniture chain is selling a swastika-shaped table.	IKEA Is Selling a Swastika-Shaped Table
vclaim-sno-false-jenners-gender	Caitlyn Jenner regrets transitioning to female and wishes to de-transition.	Caitlyn Jenner to De-Transition
vclaim-sno-false-lead	A graphic image depicts a grieving father with the body of his daughter after she put a phone charger in her mouth and was electrocuted.	Girl Dies of Electric Shock from Phone Charger?
vclaim-sno-false-mans-roast-friend	A restaurant in Los Angeles or New York has been granted legal permission to serve dog meat.	American Restaurant Granted Permission to Sell Dog Meat?
vclaim-sno-false-merle-haggard-estate-lgbt	Country music singer Merle Haggard left his entire estate to an LGBT group.	Merle Haggard Leaves Estate to Bakersfield LGBT Group
vclaim-sno-false-miss-colombia-suicide	Miss Colombia committed suicide after she the mistaken that accidentally crowned her Miss Universe was rectified.	Miss Colombia Didn’t Commit Suicide
vclaim-sno-false-mormon-church-kleenex	The Mormon church wants to limit sales of Vaseline and Kleenex in order to curb masturbation.	Mormon Church Wants to Limit Sale of Tissue to Curb Onanism
vclaim-sno-false-national-gang-week	"Gangs are using bloody car seats to lure female motorists out of their vehicles as part of a ""National Gang Week"" activity."	National Gang Week — Bloody Car Seats
vclaim-sno-false-new-york-heroin	New York state has legalized heroin.	No, New York State Hasn’t Legalized Heroin
vclaim-sno-false-obama-announces-plans-for-a-third-term-presidential-run	Barack Obama has announced that he is running for a third term as president.	Obama Announces Plans for a Third Term Presidential Run
vclaim-sno-false-obama-che-guevara-t-shirt	A photograph shows President Obama holding a Che Guevara t-shirt.	Photograph Shows President Obama Holding Che Guevara T-Shirt
vclaim-sno-false-obama-stole-his-social-security-number-from-paul-ludwig	Barack Obama appropriated the Social Security number of a dead man born in 1890 and used it as his own.	Did Barack Obama Steal His Social Security Number?
vclaim-sno-false-only-obama-fails-to-visit-d-day-monument	Barack Obama is the only president who has failed to visit the D-Day Monument on D-Day.	Barack Obama and the D-Day Monument
vclaim-sno-false-pardon	President Obama has pardoned Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.	Obama Officially Pardons Boston Bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
vclaim-sno-false-point-and-click	Woman attributes shooting a mugger six times to the gun’s not holding more than six bullets.	Gun Control, Texas Style
vclaim-sno-false-rubio-cruz-trump-tweet	Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio urged people to vote for a Democrat if Donald Trump wins the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.	Cruz and Rubio Tweet That They Will Not Support Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-false-sean-connery-letter-to-apple	A letter from actor Sean Connery rejects an offer for him to become a pitchman for Apple Computers.	Did Sean Connery Send a Letter to Apple Rejecting a Pitchman Offer?
vclaim-sno-false-stanley-kubrick-faked-moon-landings	Stanley Kubrick admitted in an interview that he helped NASA fake the U.S. moon landings.	Did Stanley Kubrick Fake the Moon Landings?
vclaim-sno-false-star-wars-fan-beaten-sharing-spoilers	A fan was beaten up by moviegoers after spoiling the new Star Wars movie.	FALSE: Star Wars Fan Beaten For Sharing Spoilers
vclaim-sno-false-ted-cruz-married-cousin	Ted Cruz and his wife are cousins.	Ted Cruz Is Married to His Cousin
vclaim-sno-false-ted-cruz-tritone	Ted Cruz wants to ban the tritone interval in music due to its association with the devil.	Citing Evangelical Faith, Ted Cruz Calls to Ban “Satanic” Tritone
vclaim-sno-false-terrorists-buy-ups-uniforms	"Terrorists have acquired a large number of ""missing"" UPS uniforms."	UPS Uniforms Stolen by Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-false-tommy-chong-dead	Comedian Tommy Chong of 'Cheech and Chong' fame passed away in February 2017.	Tommy Chong Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-false-tube-stakes	The colored squares on toothpaste tubes identify the composition of the toothpaste enclosed therein.	Do Color Codes on Toothpaste Tubes Identify Their Ingredients?
vclaim-sno-false-vince-gilligan-announces-breaking-bad-season-6	The creator of Breaking Bad announced the series will return for a sixth season.	Vince Gilligan Announces ‘Breaking Bad’ Season 6?
vclaim-sno-false-vladimir-putin-anti-muslim-speech	A February 2013 speech by Russian president Vladimir Putin demanded that Muslim immigrants speak Russian and conform to Russian culture.	Did Vladimir Putin Give an Anti-Islam Speech?
vclaim-sno-false-wendys-admits-to-using-horse-and-rat-meat-in-their-chili	The Wendy’s fast food restaurant chain uses rat and horse meat to make their chili.	Wendy's Admits to Using Horse and Rat Meat in Their Rich and Meaty Chili!
vclaim-sno-false-white-house-halloween-party	A photograph shows Barack and Michelle Obama dressed as a pimp and ho at a White House event.	Obamas at a White House Ball
vclaim-sno-family-affair	The basketball coaching job of Craig Robinson, Michelle Obama’s brother, was saved by the hasty procurement of	Craig Robinson’s Job Saved by Stimulus Funds?
vclaim-sno-family-die-spider-tea-kettle	A family perished after drinking tea from a kettle in which a deadly spider had died.	Did a Family Die After Drinking From a Tea Kettle Poisoned By a Deadly Spider?
vclaim-sno-family-drowns-in-carwash	A family of three drowned when they neglected to close their car's sunroof before going through a carwash.	Family Drowns After Leaving Sunroof Open in Automated Carwash
vclaim-sno-family-matters-house	"The Chicago house that was used for exterior establishing shots on ""Family Matters"" was demolished and replaced by gray condominiums."	Was the ‘Family Matters’ House in Chicago Demolished?
vclaim-sno-family-photo	Photograph shows Barack Obama with various members of the Obama family.	Barack Obama Family Photo
vclaim-sno-family-photograph-of-melania-barron-and-donald-trump	A photograph shows a real portrait of Donald Trump and his family.	Trump Family Photograph
vclaim-sno-family-ties	CIA director Leon Panetta’s daughter is a “radical anti-American.”	Leon Panetta
vclaim-sno-fan-belt	Photographs show a damaged jet engine repaired with seatbelts during a refueling stop.	Fan Belt
vclaim-sno-fan-death	Electric fans left running overnight kill persons sleeping in the breeze they generate.	Korean Fan Death
vclaim-sno-fappuccino	Starbucks drinks have been found to contain semen samples.	Semen Found in Starbucks Drinks Nationwide
vclaim-sno-fappy-arrested-seaworld	An anti-masturbation mascot named Fappy the Dolphin was arrested for swimming naked with dolphins at a SeaWorld park.	Christian Anti-Masturbation’s Mascot “Fappy” Arrested for Public Masturbation?
vclaim-sno-fare-warning	Congress has introduced a bill requiring military veterans to inform their neighbors about their combat service.	Lawmaker Introduces Bill Requiring Veterans to Warn Neighbors of Their Combat Service
vclaim-sno-fareed-zakaria-jihad	CNN host Fareed Zakaria posted a blog entry calling for white women to be raped by Islamic minority groups.	FALSE: CNN Host Fareed Zakaria calls for Jihad Rape of White Women
vclaim-sno-fargo	"The kidnapping, string of murders, and wood chipper incident portrayed in the film ""Fargo"" actually took place in Minnesota in 1987."	Was ‘Fargo’ Based on a True Story?
vclaim-sno-farm-below-mountain	A photograph shows a lush green farm in the shadow of a looming, snow-covered mountain.	The Farm Below the Mountain
vclaim-sno-farmer-castro-execution	"A photograph depicts a priest giving the last rites to a Cuban farmer who was being executed because he ""refused to work for the Castro regime."""	Is This Farmer Being Executed for Not Working with Castro?
vclaim-sno-farmers-almanac-predict-covid-19	The 1981 Farmer's Almanac contained a passage predicting that a severe, pneumatic illness would spread around the globe in 2020.	Did the 1981 ‘Farmer’s Almanac’ Predict COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-farmers-can-sue-monsanto	A bill before the Oregon Legislature would allow farmers to sue Monsanto if GMO crops invade their property.	Can Farmers Sue Monsanto Over Invasive GMO Crops?
vclaim-sno-farmers-injecting-oxytocin	Farmers are injecting fruits and vegetables with the human hormone oxytocin to enhance their growth and appearance.	Are Farmers Injecting Fruits and Vegetables with Oxytocin?
vclaim-sno-farmers-protest-india-flag	In January 2021, protesters against India’s controversial farm laws pulled down the country’s national tricolor flag at Delhi’s historic Red Fort.	Did Protesters Pull Down the National Flag of India in Delhi?
vclaim-sno-fart-burns-67-calories	One fart burns 67 calories.	Farting Burns 67 Calories?
vclaim-sno-fart-death	A man in Argentina died from peritonitis after holding in gas during a visit with his girlfriend's mother.	Did a Man Die After ‘Holding in Farts’ at His Girlfriend’s House?
vclaim-sno-fart-rape	"""Fart rape"" is an authentic feminist concept earnestly promoted by certain activists at a 2013 conference in Toronto, Canada."	Is ‘Fart Rape’ an Authentic Feminist Concept?
vclaim-sno-farting-negate-covid19-masks	Wearing a mask to prevent the spread of COVID-19 is unnecessary because the disease can also be spread via farts.	Does Farting Negate the Use of Masks to Prevent COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-farts-kill-mosquitoes-uganda	Insect repellent companies hired a Ugandan man whose flatulence was deadly to mosquitoes.	Did Insect Repellent Companies Hire a Ugandan Man Whose Flatulence Kills Mosquitoes?
vclaim-sno-fascism-corporations-corporatism-dictionary	"Merriam-Webster changed their dictionary definition of ""fascism"" in 1987 to censor links between its new corporate owner and fascists."	Fascism, Corporations, and Merriam-Webster
vclaim-sno-fascist-fashion	A swastika ring was available for purchase from the Sears Marketplace.	Swastika Ring Sold by Sears Marketplace
vclaim-sno-fascists-called-anti-fascists-quote	"Winston Churchill once said that the ""fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists."""	Did Winston Churchill Say ‘The Fascists of the Future Will Call Themselves Anti-Fascists?’
vclaim-sno-fashion-bug	New clothing coming in through China contains bedbugs; running it through a dryer cycle will kill bedbugs.	Bedbugs Clothes Dryer Extermination
vclaim-sno-fashion-craven	A woman was arrested after police discovered she was killing her neighbors' cats to make fur coats from them.	Was a Woman Arrested for Making Fur Coats with the Neighbor’s Cats?
vclaim-sno-fashion-to-die-for	The Mexican Mafia is retaliating for a drug theft by killing 400 to 1,000 black men wearing white	White T-Shirt Revenge
vclaim-sno-fast-and-spurious	Singer Justin Bieber will be replacing the late actor Paul Walker in the Fast and Furious film series.	Is Justin Bieber Filling Paul Walker’s Role in ‘Fast & Furious 9’?
vclaim-sno-fat-boy	Harley-Davidson's 'Fat Boy' motorcycle was designed to represent the dropping of atomic bombs on Japan.	Harley-Davidson Fat Boy
vclaim-sno-fatal-accidents-new-years-day	New Year's is the day of the year on which the greatest number of people are killed in automobile accidents.	Fatal Accidents on New Year’s Day
vclaim-sno-fatal-crash-spirit-photograph	A photograph of a fatal motorcycle crash shows either an angel or the victim's ghost.	‘Chilling’ Photograph of Fatal Crash Shows Spirit Leaving Victim’s Body
vclaim-sno-fatal-football	A dog died after picking up a poisoned Nerf football in a dog park.	Dog Poisoned by Nerf Football?
vclaim-sno-fatal-laptop-fire	An overheated laptop used in a bed caused a fatal house fire.	Fatal Laptop Fire
vclaim-sno-fatal-wienie-roast	A troop of Boy Scouts dies after roasting hot dogs on oleander sticks.	Oleander Poisoning
vclaim-sno-father-abandon-family-avalanche	A video shows a man abandoning his family during an avalanche.	Did a Father Abandon His Family During an Avalanche?
vclaim-sno-father-dowling-mystery	An angel disguised as a priest saved a critically injured girl, then vanished.	Angel Priest Rescues Girl
vclaim-sno-father-mourns-wife-children-killed-car-crash	A somber image shows a man whose wife and two children were killed in a car accident.	Father Mourns Wife, Children Killed in Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-father-of-man-accused-training-school-shooters	Imam Siraj Wahhaj, the father of a suspect accused of training children to be school shooters at a compound in New Mexico, was the keynote speaker at the 2012 Democratic National Convention.	Was the Father of the Man Accused of Training School Shooters the Keynote Speaker at Obama’s Democratic National Convention?
vclaim-sno-father-sacrifice-son-train-bridge	A father was faced with the horrifying choice between saving his son's life at the cost of many, or watching his son die as his inaction saves others.	Did a Father Sacrifice His Son for a Train Full of Passengers?
vclaim-sno-fathers-day-protest-photo	A photograph shows two women holding anti-Father's Day signs in protest of that day's designation.	Protests Seek to #EndFathersDay?
vclaim-sno-fatima-hemminger-air-force	An image shows Fatima Hemminger, the first Muslim Major General in the United States Air Force.	Is Fatima Hemminger the First Female Muslim Commander of the 12th Air Force?
vclaim-sno-fatima-noor	President Obama appointed Fatima Noor as the head of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services in the Department of Homeland Security.	Fatima Noor Appointed to Homeland Security
vclaim-sno-fatwa-friday	The Department of Homeland Security uncovered a terrorist plot to attack Black Friday shoppers in several locations.	Terrorist Plot Targeting Black Friday Shoppers Uncovered
vclaim-sno-fauci-blame-flu-deaths-1918	Dr. Anthony Fauci blamed mask use for the majority of deaths during the 1918 flu pandemic.	Did Fauci Blame Mask Use for 1918 ‘Spanish Flu’ Deaths?
vclaim-sno-fauci-chickenpox-covid-19	Dr. Anthony Fauci compared emerging research about coronavirus with what the scientific community knows about chickenpox — as well as other viruses — and criticized people who were not taking steps to prevent the spread of COVID-19.	Did Fauci Compare Research About COVID-19 to That of Chickenpox?
vclaim-sno-fauci-china-restrictions	NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci criticized the Trump administration's decision to impose travel restrictions on China to stem the spread of COVID-19.	Did Dr. Fauci Criticize Trump’s China Travel Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-fauci-coronavirus-research-grant	Dr. Anthony Fauci said the National Institutes of Health (NIH) was told to cancel a grant funding research for a study investigating how coronaviruses jump from bats to humans.	Did Dr. Fauci Say NIH Was Told To Cancel Grant for Coronavirus Emergence Research?
vclaim-sno-fauci-ghislaine-maxwell-sister	Dr. Anthony Fauci is married to Ghislaine Maxwell's sister.	Is Dr. Fauci Married to Ghislaine Maxwell’s Sister?
vclaim-sno-fauci-masks-no-longer-needed	The United States' top infectious diseases expert, Dr. Anthony Fauci, said people in the U.S. do not need to wear masks to protect against COVID-19.	Did Anthony Fauci Say People No Longer Need to Wear Masks?
vclaim-sno-fauci-nothing-to-worry-about	"Dr. Anthony Fauci said there was ""nothing to worry about"" in late February 2020 in regards to COVID-19 and it was ""safe"" to do things like go to the movies and the gym."	Did Dr. Fauci Say There Was ‘Nothing to Worry About’ in Regards to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-fauci-quote-hydroxychloroquine	Dr. Anthony Fauci wrote in a 2005 paper published in Virology Journal that hydroxychloroquine was effective in treating SARS.	Did Fauci Say in 2005 Virology Journal That Hydroxychloroquine Can Treat SARS?
vclaim-sno-fauci-trump-handling-covid	NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci said he couldn't imagine how U.S. President Donald Trump could have done more to combat the coronavirus pandemic.	Did Fauci Praise Trump’s Handling of COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-fauci-warn-surprise-outbreak	NAIAD director Dr. Anthony Fauci warned in January 2017 that the Trump administration would face a surprise infectious disease outbreak.	Did Fauci Warn Trump in 2017 That a ‘Surprise Outbreak’ Was Coming?
vclaim-sno-fauci-without-mask-baseball-game	A photograph shows Dr. Anthony Fauci at a baseball game with his mask lowered below his mouth.	Did Fauci Lower His Mask at a Baseball Game?
vclaim-sno-fauxtography-sashimi-tapeworms	X-rays document a man in China whose body became riddled with tapeworms due to his consumption of sashimi.	Did a Man Gets Tapeworms from Eating Sashimi?
vclaim-sno-fauxtography-space-heavens-trail	"A photograph shows a biennial astronomical event in Ireland known as ""Heaven’s Trail."""	Heaven’s Trail Viral Photo
vclaim-sno-fawn-bobcat-fire	A photograph shows a fawn and a bobcat huddled together during the California Camp Fire of November 2018.	Were This Fawn and Bobcat Found Huddled Together After a California Wildfire?
vclaim-sno-fawn-of-the-dead	A fanged deer was spotted in Afghanistan.	TRUE: Fanged Deer Spotted in Afghanistan
vclaim-sno-fbi-50-states-armed-protest	The FBI warned officials of armed protests planned at all 50 state capitols and the U.S. Capitol for the days preceding the inauguration of Joe Biden.	Did the FBI Warn of Armed Protests at ‘All 50 State Capitols’?
vclaim-sno-fbi-agent-arrested-protests	A video shows police officers attempting to arrest an FBI agent during the George Floyd protests in 2020.	Does This Video Show an FBI Agent Arrested During 2020 Protests?
vclaim-sno-fbi-agent-cincinelli	FBI agent Sal Cincinelli's death is linked to the Clinton Foundation.	Was the Death of FBI Agent Sal Cincinelli Linked to the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-fbi-agent-murder-suicide	An FBI agent investigating Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server killed himself after murdering his wife.	FBI Agent Suspected in Hillary Email Leaks Found Dead in Apparent Murder-Suicide
vclaim-sno-fbi-agents-hunter-biden	One of two FBI agents killed while serving a search warrant in an investigation into violent crimes against children was the top agent in an investigation into child pornography found on Hunter Biden's laptop.	No, An FBI Agent Killed in Florida Wasn’t Investigating Hunter Biden’s Laptop
vclaim-sno-fbi-arrest-warrant-obama	The FBI has issued an arrest warrant for Barack Obama over charges of illegal wiretapping.	FBI Issues Warrant for Obama’s Arrest After Confirming Illegal Trump Tower Wiretap?
vclaim-sno-fbi-director-james-comeys-trump-sign	"FBI director Jim Comey placed a ""Trump/Pence 2016"" sign in front of his home."	FBI Director James Comey’s Trump Sign
vclaim-sno-fbi-files-prove-adolf-hitler-escaped-to-argentina	Files released by the FBI prove that Adolf Hitler escaped Germany for Argentina.	Do FBI Files Prove Adolf Hitler Escaped to Argentina?
vclaim-sno-fbi-illegal-websites-scam	The FBI is after you for visiting “illegal websites.”	FBI Illegal Websites Scam
vclaim-sno-fbi-illegal-wiretap-trump-apology	In January 2020, FBI Director Christopher Wray said that the bureau had illegally wiretapped Donald Trump and apologized for it.	Did FBI Say It Illegally Wiretapped Donald Trump and Apologize For It?
vclaim-sno-fbi-raid-retirement-home	The FBI raided a retirement home to break up an elderly fight club.	Was a Retirement Home Raided by the FBI for Running an Elderly Fight Club?
vclaim-sno-fbi-raids-cdc-vaccine-data	The FBI raided the CDC in the middle of the night to seize data on a link between vaccines and autism.	Did the FBI Raid the CDC for Data on Vaccines and Autism?
vclaim-sno-fbi-report-kavanaugh-allegations-not-true	A report issued by the FBI concluded that none of the sexual assault allegations against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh was true.	Did an FBI Report Conclude That None of the Allegations Against Brett Kavanaugh Was True?
vclaim-sno-fbi-revealed-the-most-dangerous-zodiac-signs	The FBI released a study ranking the connection between likelihood of criminal behavior and zodiac signs.	Did the FBI Reveal the ‘Most Dangerous’ Zodiac Signs?
vclaim-sno-fbi-schiff-epstein-emails	An FBI investigation uncovered 256 emails between U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and deceased sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	Did the FBI Find 256 Emails Between Schiff and Epstein?
vclaim-sno-fbi-seizes-3000-penises-raid-morgue-employees-home	The FBI seized over 3,000 penises during a September 2017 raid of a morgue employee's home.	FBI Seizes Over 3,000 Penises During Raid at Morgue Employee’s Home?
vclaim-sno-fbi-smart-tv	"The FBI warned that smart TVs can ""spy"" on their owners."	Did the FBI Warn That Smart TVs Might Spy on You?
vclaim-sno-fbi-spills-water-iphone	After unlocking an iPhone belonging to one of the people involved in the San Bernardino shooting, the FBI ruined the device by spilling water on it.	FBI Spilled Water on San Bernardino Shooter’s iPhone?
vclaim-sno-fbi-trump-biden-bus	The FBI is investigating an incident in which Trump supporters in pickup trucks surrounded a Biden-Harris campaign bus on a highway in Texas on Oct. 30, 2020.	Is the FBI Investigating After Trump Fans Surrounded Biden Bus in Texas?
vclaim-sno-fbi-warned-about-white-supremacists	The FBI warned about the possibility white supremacist groups infiltrating U.S.   law enforcement agencies.	FBI Warned About White Supremacists Infiltrating Police Departments
vclaim-sno-fbi-warned-florida-shooter	The FBI received a warning about about suspected killer in the Parkland, Florida, school shooting.	Was the FBI Tipped Off About the Parkland Shooter?
vclaim-sno-fbi-warning-to-all-americans-about-poisoned-produce	The FBI has warned all Americans to be cautious of produce at grocery stores that might have been sprayed with poison.	FBI Warning to ‘All Americans’ About Poisoned Produce
vclaim-sno-fbi-wasserman-schultz-home	FBI agents raided Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz's home and seized smashed computer hard drives.	Did The Federal Bureau of Investigation Seize Smashed Hard Drives From Rep. Wasserman-Schultz’s Home?
vclaim-sno-fda-banning-e-juice	The FDA has banned all e-juice for electronic cigarettes, effective July 2016.	FDA Banning E-Juice
vclaim-sno-fda-classified-walnuts-drugs	The FDA classified walnuts as drugs.	The FDA Classified Walnuts as Drugs?
vclaim-sno-fda-food-inspections-government-shutdown	The Food and Drug Administration has halted all food inspections due to the federal government shutdown.	Has the FDA Halted Food Inspections Because of the Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-fda-frosted-flakes-are-healthier-than-avocados	The FDA said Frosted Flakes are healthier than avocados.	FDA: Frosted Flakes are Healthier than Avocados
vclaim-sno-fda-homeless-shelter-donations	The FDA is donating $1 to homeless shelters for every person who changes their Facebook profile picture to their favorite food.	FDA/Facebook Donations for National Hunger Awareness Month
vclaim-sno-fda-outlaws-cbd-oils	The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) banned the sale of cannabidiol (CBD) oils because a drug company is interested in marketing them.	FDA Outlaws CBD Oils
vclaim-sno-fda-packaging-change	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is changing their regulations to require plastic seals in ice cream packaging in response to the “Blue Bell ice cream licker.”	Did the FDA Change Packaging Laws Because of the Blue Bell Ice Cream Licker?
vclaim-sno-fdic-you-later	At the end of 2009, Bank of America will be dropping FDIC coverage on all interest-bearing accounts.	Bank of America Dropping FDIC Coverage?
vclaim-sno-fdic-you	After a bank failure, the FDIC has 99 years to pay back insured deposits.	FDIC Insurance Pays Out Over 99 Years?
vclaim-sno-fdny-health-fund	The Trump administration withheld money from a program that covers medical care for sick and injured 9/11 first responders.	Did the Trump Administration Withhold Money from FDNY 9/11 Health Fund?
vclaim-sno-fear-factor	According to magazine polls, the three things blacks fear most are dogs, ghosts, and registered mail.	What Blacks Fear Most
vclaim-sno-fear-of-a-black-thursday	Malls are fining store owners $1,100 for every hour they refuse to open on Thanksgiving Day.	Simon Malls Fines Retailers for Closing on Thanksgiving?
vclaim-sno-feast-of-friends	"Photograph shows a ""thank you"" sign to Jews from the Chinese Restaurant Association of the United States."	A Message from the Chinese Restaurant Association of the United States?
vclaim-sno-febreze-contains-peanut-oil	Febreze and other Procter & Gamble products contain undeclared peanut and tree nut oils or byproducts, posing a risk to individuals with nut allergies.	Does Febreze Contain Peanut Oil?
vclaim-sno-feces-of-death	A zookeeper in Paderborn, Germany, was killed when an elephant defecated on him.	Was a Zookeeper Killed When an Elephant Defecated on Him?
vclaim-sno-feckless-foreign-follies	Opinion piece by London	Alex Singleton on Barack Obama
vclaim-sno-federal-benefit-payments	Social Security retirement disbursements have recently been reclassified as 'federal benefit payments.'	Social Security as ‘Federal Benefit Payments’
vclaim-sno-federal-food-box-credit-trump	In late September 2020, the U.S. Department of Agriculture distributed millions of federally funded aid boxes that included a letter from President Donald Trump crediting his administration for their distribution.	Did Federal Food Aid Boxes Include White House Letter Crediting Trump?
vclaim-sno-federal-government-cancel-nike-contract	"The United States government canceled an $80 million contract with sports apparel manufacture Nike, Inc. because the company ""hates America"" and ""disrespects dead veterans."""	Did the Federal Government Cancel an $80 Million Nike Contract?
vclaim-sno-federal-government-workers-30-days	Federal government employees can be fired after 30 or more days of government shutdown.	Can Federal Government Workers Be Fired After 30 Days of Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-federal-holiday-christmas-eve	On Dec. 11, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order designating Christmas Eve 2020 as a federal holiday.	Did Trump Designate Christmas Eve 2020 a Federal Holiday?
vclaim-sno-federal-judge-chris-tomlin	"A federal judge ordered Christian music artist Chris Tomlin to ""stop adding choruses to perfectly good hymns."""	Federal Judge Orders Chris Tomlin to Stop Adding Choruses to Perfectly Good Hymns?
vclaim-sno-federal-judge-nullify-pa-election-results-wide-scale-voter-fraud	A federal judge threw out the election results in a Pennsylvania special congressional election due to voter fraud.	Did a Federal Judge Nullify PA Election Results for ‘Wide-Scale Voter Fraud’?
vclaim-sno-federal-judge-rule-police-can-legally-shoot-kill-dogs	The federal government passed a law permitting police officers to shoot dogs if they bark or move.	Did a Federal Judge Rule Police Can Legally Shoot and Kill Dogs?
vclaim-sno-federal-rent-checks	"Americans can collect ""Federal Rent Checks"" by using Public Law 92-313 to their benefit."	Does Public Law 92-313 Allow Americans to Claim ‘Federal Rent Checks’?
vclaim-sno-federal-troops-tear-gas-yankees	Federal troops tear-gassed the New York Yankees off the field so U.S. President Donald Trump could throw out the first pitch before the team's opening home game	Did Federal Troops Tear-Gas the Yankees?
vclaim-sno-fedex-text-message-scam	"FedEx customers can receive free ""expensive"" products from Amazon.com via a text message notification."	Are FedEx ‘Set Delivery Preferences’ Text Messages Real?
vclaim-sno-feds-nancy-pelosi-raid	"Feds handcuffed an ""irrational"" House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and raided her office."	Did Feds Handcuff an ‘Irrational’ Nancy Pelosi and Raid Her Office?
vclaim-sno-feds-tracking-support-audit-donald-trump	The Government Accountability Office is tracking emails sent supporting an audit of Donald Trump requested by Sen. Elizabeth Warren.	Are Feds Tracking Support for an Audit of Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-feds-unmarked-vans-portland	"Operating under orders from U.S. President Donald Trump in summer 2020, federal agents used unmarked vehicles to ""kidnap"" Portland protesters and did not identify themselves as law enforcement during the apprehensions."	Were Portland Protesters ‘Kidnapped’ by Federal Officers in Unmarked Vans?
vclaim-sno-feeding-the-eagles	Photographs show bald eagles being fed on a spit in winter.	Feeding the Eagles
vclaim-sno-feign-reaction	Student makes humorous guesses at answers on chemistry exam.	Chemistry Exam Answers
vclaim-sno-feinstein-blum-usps	Richard Blum, the husband of Senator Dianne Feinstein, obtained a contract to broker sales of USPS  facilities due to his wife's influence.	Did Dianne Feinstein Get Her Husband’s Company a USPS Contract?
vclaim-sno-feinstein-chinese-spy	One of Senator Dianne Feinstein's staffers in California was a spy who reported sensitive information to Chinese contacts.	Did Senator Dianne Feinstein Employ a Chinese Spy?
vclaim-sno-feinstein-veterans-firearms	"Senator Dianne Feinstein said that ""All vets are mentally ill and the government should prevent them from owning firearms."""	Did Senator Dianne Feinstein Say ‘All Vets Are Mentally Ill’?
vclaim-sno-feldkamp-plane-crash	Family of abortion clinic owner dies when plane crashes into Catholic cemetery that houses a “tomb to the unborn.”	Feldkamp Plane Crash
vclaim-sno-feliz-navidad-white-house	"President Trump banned the song ""Feliz Navidad"" from the White House."	Did President Trump Ban ‘Feliz Navidad’ from the White House?
vclaim-sno-felons-voting-rights-virginia	Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe restored voting rights to a large number of convicted felons.	Felons Granted Voting Rights in Virginia?
vclaim-sno-felons-with-benefits	Imprisoned former Congressmember Jesse Jackson, Jr. stands to collect $8,700 per month in disability payments and $45,000 per year in Congressional pension.	Jesse Jackson, Jr. Collects $8,700 Per Month in Disability Payments?
vclaim-sno-fema-barges-hawaii-volcano	"In June 2018, FEMA deployed barges to Hawaii, to transport victims of the Kilauea volcano to an ""internment camp."""	Did FEMA Use Barges to Incarcerate People Fleeing a Volcano in Hawaii?
vclaim-sno-fema-drill-disrupting-california-primary	The Federal Emergency Management Agency scheduled a massive earthquake preparedness drill on the same day as the California primary.	FEMA Earthquake Drill Disrupting California Primary
vclaim-sno-fema-field-inspectors	"After Hurricane Harvey, jobs for ""FEMA field inspectors"" paying between $2,000 and $5,000 were available immediately with few qualifications."	Is FEMA Hiring ‘Field Inspectors’ and Paying Them Thousands Per Week?
vclaim-sno-fema-harvey-vaccines	In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, FEMA said they would only give aid to victims if they had received (unspecified) vaccinations.	Did FEMA Deny Aid to Harvey Victims Unless They Received Vaccinations?
vclaim-sno-fema-hazard-pay-covid-19	The Federal Emergency Management Agency is providing $4,800 in hazard pay to those who have been working during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is FEMA Offering Hazard Pay Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-fema-region-3	A flurry of activity in FEMA Region 3 indicates that “something big is coming.”	FEMA Region 3
vclaim-sno-fema-waffle-house-index	The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) uses an index based on Waffle House closures to determine the severity of natural disasters.	Does FEMA Use Waffle House Closures to Determine How Bad a Disaster Is?
vclaim-sno-female-blackout-facebook	"Women can partake in a social media campaign against domestic abuse by ""blacking out"" their Facebook profile pictures ""tomorrow."""	Is a ‘Female Blackout’ Taking Place on Facebook Tomorrow?
vclaim-sno-female-bodybuilders	A photograph shows two extremely muscular female bodybuilders.	Are These Real Female Bodybuilders?
vclaim-sno-female-killer-las-vegas-shouted-allahu-akbar	"A driver in Las Vegas shouted ""Allahu Akbar"" as she deliberately struck multiple pedestrians with her vehicle, and police have been instructed to suppress that detail of the story."	Did a Female Killer in Las Vegas Shout ‘Allahu Akbar’?
vclaim-sno-female-love-interest-frozen	"Elsa will have a female love interest in the sequel to ""Frozen."""	Elsa to Have Female Love Interest in ‘Frozen’ Sequel
vclaim-sno-female-named-hurricanes-death	Hurricanes with female names cause more damage because people perceive their risk to be lower, leading to less preparedness.	Do Hurricanes With Female Names Cause More Deaths Because People Don’t Take Them Seriously?
vclaim-sno-female-physician-munich	"A ""female physician in Munich"" penned an alarming warning letter about refugees."	Face the Munich
vclaim-sno-feminist-bra-burning	The 1968 Miss America pageant spawned a decade of bra-burning by feminists as a means of calling attention to their cause.	Did Feminists Burn Their Bras in Protest at the 1968 Miss America Pageant?
vclaim-sno-fennec-hare	A photo shows an endangered fennec hare.	Photograph Shows Endangered Fennec Hare?
vclaim-sno-fentanyl-laced-marijuana-rise	Fentanyl-laced marijuana use is a real and growing concern in the United States.	Is Fentanyl-Laced Marijuana Use on the Rise?
vclaim-sno-fentanyl-needle-toilet-paper-roll	Fentanyl users are stabbing their needles into toilet paper rolls in public bathrooms to clean them.	Are Fentanyl Users Cleaning Needles by Poking Toilet Paper Rolls?
vclaim-sno-fentanyl-overdose-residue-shopping-cart	Law enforcement agencies recommend that people wash the handle on shopping carts before using them to avoid potential exposure to fentanyl.	Police Chief Warns of Fentanyl Overdose Risk from Residue on Shopping Carts?
vclaim-sno-fergususpicious	A UN official lambasted the “entitlement” of the parents of slain Ferguson, Missouri, teen Mike Brown after they addressed the United Nations Committee Against Torture.	UN Refuses Intervention in Michael Brown Ferguson Case
vclaim-sno-ferrero-rocher-chocolates-maggots-video	Viral videos shows Ferrero Rocher chocolates crawling with maggots .	Ferrero Rocher Chocolates Filled with Maggots?
vclaim-sno-fetal-footprint	A photograph shows the imprint of a fetal footprint on its mother's abdomen.	Fetal Footprint
vclaim-sno-fetus-can-send-stem-cells-repair-mothers-damaged-organs	During pregnancy, if the mother suffers organ damage, the baby in the womb sends stem cells to repair the damaged organ.	Can a Fetus Send Its Own Stem Cells to Repair Its Mother’s Damaged Organs?
vclaim-sno-fetus-feast	Photographs shows a man eating a dead baby served at a Taiwan restaurant.	Are Human Fetuses ‘Taiwan’s Hottest Dish’?
vclaim-sno-fetuses-found-in-chinese-restaurant-freezers	Photograph depicts fetuses found in a Chinese food restaurant's freezer.	Fetuses Found in Chinese Restaurant Freezers?
vclaim-sno-fidel-castro-baseball	Future Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was once given a tryout by the Washington Senators baseball team.	Was Fidel Castro Given a Tryout by the Washington Senators?
vclaim-sno-fidel-castro-said-he-wont-die-until-america-is-destroyed	Cuban leader Fidel Castro once said he wouldn't die until the United States was destroyed.	Fidel Castro Said He ‘Won’t Die Until America is Destroyed’?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinner-accident	A Columbus, Ohio English teacher lost his eye in a fidget spinner accident.	Did an Ohio Schoolteacher Lose an Eye in a Fidget Spinner Accident?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinner-facebook-warning	A Texas girl required surgery after she swallowed part of a fidget spinner while cleaning it.	Did a Texas Girl Need Surgery After Choking on Part of a Fidget Spinner?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinner-fake-news	A man was hospitalized after a fidget spinner became lodged in his anus.	Was a Man Hospitalized to Remove a Lodged Fidget Spinner?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinner-stuck-in-woman	A woman was hospitalized after a fidget spinner became lodged in her vagina.	Did a Woman Require Surgery After a Fidget Spinner Became Stuck in Her Vagina?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinners-affect-gravity	A respected physicist has warned that fidget spinners could have a harmful effect on the Earth’s center of gravity.	Physicist Warns That Fidget Spinners Could Affect Earth’s Center of Gravity?
vclaim-sno-fidget-spinners-unsafe-lead	An official report has confirmed that fidget spinners contain a deadly amount of lead.	Do ‘Fidget Spinners’ Contain Deadly Amounts of Lead?
vclaim-sno-field-of-seeds	A student dresses as a referee and spreads birdseed on the school football field every day during the summer; at the school's first home game that fall, the field becomes inundated with birds as soon as the referees step onto the field.	Seeded Field Prank
vclaim-sno-fiercefemtivist-nurse-racist-parents	A baby died at an unnamed medical facility because its parents refused to allow a black nurse to care for the child.	Racist Parents Allowed Their Child to Die?
vclaim-sno-fifty-shades-of-hardware	The UK hardware store B&Q warned its staff about a surge in rope, duct tape, and tie down sales before the release of the	Hardware Store Stocks Up on Rope and Duct Tape for 'Fifty Shades of Grey' Release
vclaim-sno-fifty-shades-to-leave-your-lover	Actor Jamie Dornan has announced he will not appear in any	Jamie Dornan Is 'Leaving Fifty Shades of Grey'?
vclaim-sno-fighter-jet-breaks-sound-barrier	A video shows an F-18 Super Hornet breaking the sound barrier and creating a sonic boom.	Does a Video Show a Fighter Jet Breaking the Sound Barrier?
vclaim-sno-final-reward	Charles Ramsey said that the captive women he helped rescue, and not he, should receive a reward.	Charles Ramsey Reward
vclaim-sno-finding-dory-transgender-stingray	"The movie ""Finding Dory"" features a transgender stingray named StingRhonda."	‘Finding Nemo’ Sequel Features a Transgender Stingray
vclaim-sno-fine-for-parking	In 2007, Barack Obama belatedly paid parking tickets accumulated while he was a student at Harvard.	Barack Obama’s Parking Tickets
vclaim-sno-fine-for-speeding	Slightly overpaying the fine for a traffic ticket will keep points off your driving record.	Overpaying Traffic Tickets
vclaim-sno-fine-using-cellphones-while-driving	Motorists will be fined $999 and have their licenses suspended for three years if they are caught using, or even holding, cellphones while driving.	Do Motorists Now Face $999 Fines and 3-Year Suspensions for Using Cellphones While Driving?
vclaim-sno-fines-for-bringing-supplies-to-standing-rock-dapl-protests	Anyone bringing supplies to DAPL protesters at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation could be fined $1,000 for the attempt, according to the Morton County Sheriff's Department.	Fines for Bringing Supplies to Standing Rock DAPL Protests
vclaim-sno-finger-chop-challenge	"A new ""finger chop"" challenge is spreading on social media in protest of President Trump."	Finger Chop Challenge
vclaim-sno-finger-feud	The Apple	Apple iPhone 5s Fingerprint Database to Be Shared with NSA
vclaim-sno-finger-food	A Wendy’s customer found a human finger in her bowl of chili.	Finger Found in Wendy’s Chili?
vclaim-sno-fingered-2	A motorist who has a run-in with ruffians afterwards finds the severed fingers of his assailants caught on his car.	Severed Fingers
vclaim-sno-fingered	Enraged father punishes 3-year-old by smashing his fingers, then commits suicide out of remorse.	Smashed Fingers
vclaim-sno-fingertips-part-2	Photograph shows fingers damaged from too much mouse and keyboard use.	Fingertips Damaged from Computer Use?
vclaim-sno-finial-duty	The gold ball atop a military flagpole contains a razor, a match, and a bullet.	Finial Duty
vclaim-sno-finland-pm-ban-trump	Finland's prime minister has barred U.S. President Donald Trump from visiting that country.	Did Finland’s Prime Minister Ban Trump from Visiting?
vclaim-sno-fire-alarm-box-lock-pranksters	An old photograph shows a fire alarm box equipped with an anti-prank mechanism that locks the alarm sender in place until authorities arrive.	Did This Old Fire Alarm Box Lock Pranksters in Place?
vclaim-sno-fire-and-fury-comic-book-villain	"President Trump plagiarized his ""fire and fury"" comment from Captain America comic book villain Red Skull."	Did President Donald Trump Steal His ‘Fire and Fury’ Line from a Comic Book Villain?
vclaim-sno-fire-and-rain	"The lyrics of James Taylor's ""Fire and Rain"" chronicle his reaction to the death of his girlfriend in a plane crash."	The Meaning of ‘Fire and Rain’
vclaim-sno-fire-bug	Attempt to rid home of  bedbugs results in fire that razes apartment building.	Bedbug Fire
vclaim-sno-fire-damage-cia-drug-lab	A fire damaged CIA headquarters and revealed a giant drug lab.	Did Fire at CIA Headquarters Reveal Giant Drug Lab?
vclaim-sno-fire-fairy-game	"The ""Fire Fairy Challenge"" has tricked multiple children into harming themselves."	Are Children Harming Themselves Because of a ‘Fire Fairy’ Game?
vclaim-sno-fire-kill-black-mexican-families-spare-white-couple	A fire in a three-apartment dwelling killed black and Mexican families living there but spared a white couple because they were the only ones at work when the blaze started.	Did a Fire Kill Black and Mexican Families But Spare a White Couple?
vclaim-sno-fire-plugged	A pedestrian was killed by a flying fire hydrant.	Fire Hydrant Death
vclaim-sno-fire-rainbow	Photograph shows a “fire rainbow” over Idaho.	Fire Rainbow
vclaim-sno-fire-screen	Photographs show the aftermath of a car fire caused by an overheated GPS device.	GPS Fire Caused by Overheated Battery?
vclaim-sno-fire-the-fool-rally	Stephen Colbert and Rachel Maddow are organizing a 'Fire The Fool' rally against President Trump.	Did Stephen Colbert and Rachel Maddow Launch a ‘Fire the Fool’ Anti-Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-firearms-and-the-man	Actor James Earl Jones said that citizens of the United States need to carry guns because the world is a violent place.	James Earl Jones on Gun Control
vclaim-sno-fireball-power-line-louisiana	"A video shows a ""fireball"" surging across a power line in Kenner, Louisiana."	Is This Video of a ‘Fireball’ Surging Across a Power Line Real?
vclaim-sno-fired-for-being-gay	Map shows states in which employees can be “fired for being gay.”	Fired for Being Gay
vclaim-sno-fired-kidney-donor	A woman donated her kidney to save the life of her boss and was later fired during her recovery.	Did a Woman Get Fired After Donating a Kidney on Her Boss’ Behalf?
vclaim-sno-firefall-fire-waterfall	"Photographs show a ""fire waterfall"" at Yosemite National Park."	Is the ‘Firefall’ Real?
vclaim-sno-firefighters-helmet-stolen-911	FDNY Firefighter Michael O'Connell asked the internet for help in locating the helmet he wore on 9/11, which had been stolen from his home.	Was an FDNY Firefighter’s Helmet Worn on 9/11 Stolen?
vclaim-sno-fireman-suspended-by-atheist-mayor	The atheist mayor of DeQuincy, Louisiana, fired a firefighter for praying at the scene of a fire.	Fireman Suspended and Jailed by Atheist Mayor for Praying at Scene of Fire
vclaim-sno-firenado-in-california	A photograph of a massive California wildfire captured the phenomenon of a 'firenado.'	Does This Image Show a ‘Firenado’ in California?
vclaim-sno-fireworks-cancelled	The US government cancelled all 4th of July fireworks due to terror fears.	BREAKING: Feds Cancel ALL July 4th Fireworks Due to Terror Fears
vclaim-sno-fireworks-explodes-woman-shoplifting	A woman was injured while trying to steal fireworks from Walmart by hiding them in her vagina.	Fireworks Explode in Woman During Shoplifting Attempt
vclaim-sno-fireworks-furlough	President Obama has canceled July 4 celebrations at U.S. military bases to save money.	July 4 Celebrations at Military Bases Canceled?
vclaim-sno-firing-line	Paula Deen blamed “Jew executives” for her firing from the Food Network.	Paula Deen Blames ‘the Jews’ for Firing
vclaim-sno-first-chicago-alligator	An alligator captured in the Chicago River in June 2008 was the first such creature ever found in that body of water.	When Was the First Alligator Found in the Chicago River?
vclaim-sno-first-class-salesmanship	U.S. postage stamps may not be resold for a price greater than their face value.	Reselling U.S. Postage Stamps
vclaim-sno-first-fangirl	A leaked Malia Obama selfie was obtained by a hip-hop group and posted to Instagram.	Malia Obama Selfie Leaked
vclaim-sno-first-grade-primer	President Obama has required that ammunition cartridges use primer that expires after one year.	Obama Requires Ammunition Have Expiring Primer
vclaim-sno-first-lady-46000-dress	A former first lady wore a dress estimated to be worth $46,000 to an inaugural ball.	Did a First Lady Wear a $46K Dress to an Inaugural Ball?
vclaim-sno-first-lady-of-the-lamp	Hillary Clinton threw a lamp (or a book) at her husband in a fit of anger.	Hillary Clinton: First Lady of the Lamp
vclaim-sno-first-lady-war-zones	Melania Trump was the first First Lady to visit troops in a war zone.	Was Melania Trump the First First Lady to Visit a War Zone?
vclaim-sno-first-muslamic-congregation	Tooka Pizinistee will be the first woman to lead a muslamic congregation in the U.S.	Is Tooka Pizinistee the First Woman to Lead a Muslamic Congregation in the USA?
vclaim-sno-first-recorded-marijuana-overdose-occurs-hours-after-massachusetts-legalization	Hours after Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana, the state had its first cannabis overdose.	First Recorded Marijuana Overdose Occurs Hours After Massachusetts Legalization?
vclaim-sno-first-space-hotel-opening	"The space tech startup Orbital Assembly announced in early 2021 that it was planning to begin construction on the world's first ""space hotel"" by 2026."	Did Tech Company Announce First ‘Space Hotel’ To Start Construction in 2026?
vclaim-sno-first-they-ignore-you	"The famous quote ""First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win” originated with Mahatma Gandhi."	‘First They Ignore You, Then They Laugh at You’ Quote Isn’t Gandhi’s
vclaim-sno-fish-with-a-human-face	A video shows a fish with a human face.	Is This Really a Fish With a Human Face?
vclaim-sno-fisher-price-happy-hour-playset	"Fisher Price sells a ""happy hour playset"" including a bar, bar stools, and beer bottles."	Fisher Price Happy Hour Playset
vclaim-sno-fisher-price-my-home-office	"In 2021, Fisher-Price sold a toy remote-working kit for toddlers called ""My Home Office."""	Does Fisher-Price Sell a ‘My Home Office’ Set for Kids?
vclaim-sno-fisherman-captures-3000-pound-great-white-shark-in-great-lakes	A fisherman captured a 3,000 lb. great white shark in the Great Lakes.	Fisherman Captures 3,000-Pound Great White Shark in Great Lakes?
vclaim-sno-fisherman-survived-inside-whale-for-three-days	"A Spanish fisherman survived in a whale's belly for three days before being ""flushed out"" alive."	Fisherman Survives Inside Whale for Three Days
vclaim-sno-fistulated-cow-video	A video documents that the dairy industry has invented a new way to abuse cows: cutting holes in them to improve milk production.	Does a Video of a Fistulated Cow Document Abuse by the Dairy Industry?
vclaim-sno-fitzgerald-letter-quarantine	"A letter was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald in 1920 while the author was quarantined in France during the ""Spanish influenza"" pandemic."	Was This Letter Written by F. Scott Fitzgerald in Quarantine?
vclaim-sno-five-guys-police-alabama	Employees at a Five Guys restaurant in Daphne, Alabama, refused to serve local police officers.	Did a Five Guys Restaurant Refuse To Serve Police?
vclaim-sno-five-million-et-pieces	Atari buried millions of unsold	Buried Atari Cartridges
vclaim-sno-flag-disposal	Flag protocol specifies that a U.S. flag should be burned if it has been allowed to touch the ground.	Should a U.S. Flag Be Burned Once It Has Touched the Ground?
vclaim-sno-flag-flap-2	Photograph shows a U.S. flag bearing an image of Barack Obama flying over a Florida county’s Democratic headquarters	Obama Flag
vclaim-sno-flag-flap-3	President Obama did not mention the death of Chris Kyle or Nancy Reagan, but ordered flags flown at half-staff for Whitney Houston.	Did President Obama Order Flags Lowered for Whitney Houston, But Not Chris Kyle?
vclaim-sno-flag-flap	President Obama ignored the death of Shirley Temple Black but ordered flags flown at half-staff for Whitney Houston’s passing.	Flag Flap
vclaim-sno-flag-nancy-pelosi	On June 10, 2020, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi presented Philonise Floyd, a brother to George Floyd, a folded American flag — a gesture that's exclusively for honoring veterans.	Did Pelosi Give George Floyd’s Family a US Flag Meant To Honor Vets?
vclaim-sno-flag-poll	FOX News poll asks whether the “American flag should be banned in America.”	Should the U.S. Flag Be Banned in Schools?
vclaim-sno-flag-protest-baltimore	A video shows National Guard members turning their backs in response to a flag-stomping protest in 2015.	Did National Guard Troops ‘Turn Their Backs’ on a Protest in Baltimore?
vclaim-sno-flagging-interest-2	Photograph shows President Obama not saluting the flag during the playing of the U.S. national anthem at a 2013 Korean War anniversary ceremony.	Barack Obama at Korean War 60th Anniversary Ceremony
vclaim-sno-flags-banned-at-dnc	American flags were banned from display at the 2016 Democratic National Convention.	No American Flags Present at the Democratic National Convention
vclaim-sno-flags-democratic-debate	No American flags adorned the stage at a debate for Democratic presidential candidates in Detroit in 2019.	Did No US Flags Adorn the Stage at the Detroit Democratic Debate?
vclaim-sno-flamingo-egg-yolks-are-pink	The yolks of flamingo eggs are a bright pink color.	Are Flamingo Egg Yolks Pink?
vclaim-sno-flamingos-in-venice-canal	A photograph shows a flock of flamingos crowding the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy.	Is This a Large Flock of Flamingos in a Venice Canal?
vclaim-sno-flash-and-grab	Flashlight apps harbor furtive code to steal your personal data and send it to foreign cybercriminals.	Flashlight Apps Harbor Data-Stealing Malware?
vclaim-sno-flash-headlights-traffic-light	Flashing your car's high beams at a traffic signal will cause it to change from red to green more quickly.	Will Flashing Headlights Change a Traffic Signal?
vclaim-sno-flash-player-no-longer-supported	Adobe announced that Flash Player would no longer be supported.	Is Adobe Flash Player No Longer Supported?
vclaim-sno-flathead-lake	A photograph shows the remarkably clear Flathead Lake in Montana.	Flathead Lake
vclaim-sno-flatline-feline	Motorist who dispatches cat he believes he’d run over subsequently discovers he’d hit a different cat.	Run Over Cat
vclaim-sno-flesh-eating-bacteria-in-myrtle-beach	"A woman developed necrotizing fasciitis (a disease described as ""flesh-eating bacteria"") due to poor water quality at Myrtle Beach."	Did a Swimmer Become Infected with Flesh-Eating Bacteria in Myrtle Beach?
vclaim-sno-flesh-eating-std	"In August 2018, ""researchers"" provided a ""warning"" about the spread of the ""flesh-eating STD"" donovanosis."	Have Researchers Warned About the Resurgence of a ‘Flesh-Eating STD’?
vclaim-sno-flesh-potted	A Berlin restaurant plans to offer meals made from human body parts.	Cannibal Restaurant Hoax
vclaim-sno-flier-fury	The owner of a Dunkin’ Donuts store directed that a memorial flier for a U.S. soldier be “placed on a dumpster where the rest of our soldiers belong.”	Dunkin’ Donuts Flier Fury
vclaim-sno-flight-297	"An account describes Muslims' engaging in a ""dry run"" hijacking on AirTran Flight 297."	Did a Dry Run Hijacking Take Place on Flight 297?
vclaim-sno-flight-914-reappears-37-years	Pan Am Flight 914 disappeared in 1955 but reappeared 37 years later and landed without incident.	Did a Plane Disappear and Land 37 Years Later?
vclaim-sno-flight-attendant-redeye-immigrant-children	Facebook posts by commercial flight attendants describe their experiences working on flights transporting unaccompanied immigrant children to detention facilities.	Did a Flight Attendant Post an Account of a Redeye Flight Full of Unaccompanied Migrant Children?
vclaim-sno-flight-briefing	Photographs show a USAF airman marshaling a jet in a non-standard, revealing outfit.	Airman Directs Jets in His Underwear
vclaim-sno-flight-crew-takes-knee	"The flight crew of the New Orleans Saints' team plane decided to ""take a knee"" and refuse to fly the team to their destination in protest of players kneeling during the national anthem."	Flight Crew Takes a Knee, Leaving New Orleans Saints Stranded on Runway?
vclaim-sno-flights-of-fancy	Secret flights whisked bin Laden family members and Saudi nationals out of the U.S. immediately after September 11 while a general ban on air travel was still in effect, and before the FBI had any opportunity to question any of the passengers.	Did Saudis Fly Out of the U.S. While Airspace Was Still Closed after 9/11?
vclaim-sno-flint-and-tinder	Detroit-area gang initiates are planning to shoot a woman in the head at a gas station in Genesee County.	Genesee County Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-flint-river-dead-bodies	Police found 22 dead bodies in Michigan's Flint River in April 2016.	22 Dead Bodies Discovered in Flint River Found to Be the Source of Water Contamination?
vclaim-sno-flint-water-crisis-cps	Residents of Flint, Michigan have been threatened by CPS with removal of their children if they refuse to pay for contaminated water.	Flint Residents Told That Their Children Could Be Taken Away If They Don’t Pay for City’s Poison Water?
vclaim-sno-flip-flop-flap	Walmart halted sales of Chinese-made flip-flops after some purchasers reported suffering skin rashes or chemical burns.	Do Walmart Flip-Flops Cause Chemical Burns?
vclaim-sno-flip-or-flop-stars-tarek-and-christina-el-moussa-part-ways	"The house-flipping couple from the HGTV show ""Flip or Flop"" are divorcing."	‘Flip or Flop’ Stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa Part Ways?
vclaim-sno-floating-city-china	Thousands of people in China witnessed a bizarre mirage of a floating city.	Did Thousands of People in China Witness a Floating City Mirage?
vclaim-sno-floating-islands-of-fire-ants	There are small islands of fire ants floating in the floodwaters from Tropical Storm Harvey.	Are There Floating Islands of Fire Ants in Hurricane-Flooded Areas of Texas?
vclaim-sno-flogging-punishment-photo	A photograph shows a woman who suffered a severe flogging for being caught with a can of beer in Iran.	Was This Woman Flogged for Drinking Beer in Iran?
vclaim-sno-flogsta-meme	Swedish residents participate in a 'Flogsta scream' each night at 10 or 11 PM.	Flogsta Meme
vclaim-sno-flood-control	Thief drowns in submerged pool after looting the home of disaster victims.	Drowned Thief
vclaim-sno-flood-road-shark-attack-photo	A photograph shows a shark attacking a car on a flooded highway in Missouri.	Did a Shark Attack on a Missouri Highway?
vclaim-sno-floor-show	New residents in unfamiliar housing circumstances adapt in unusual ways.	Floor Show
vclaim-sno-floral-flag	Photograph shows a 740′ x 390′ floral flag made of larkspur.	Floral Flag
vclaim-sno-floraspring-pooping-habit	A picture shows a 65-year-old man who had 42 pounds worth of bowel movements after using the FloraSpring weight loss supplement.	Did FloraSpring Help a 65-Year-Old Man ‘Poop Out 42 Pounds’?
vclaim-sno-florida-air-force-robotic-dogs	Tyndall Air Force Base in Florida will be the first to implement semi-autonomous robotic “canines” in their defense regiment.	Are Robotic Dogs Being Used for Security at an Air Force Base?
vclaim-sno-florida-airport-flooded-michael	A photograph shows a flooded runway at Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport during Hurricane Michael in October 2018.	Is This a Photograph of a Florida Airport Flooded During Hurricane Michael?
vclaim-sno-florida-business-owners-engage-in-shootout-with-looters	Florida store owners engaged in a massive shootout with looters during Hurricane Matthew, leaving 31 dead.	Florida Business Owners Engage In Shootout with Looters; 31 Confirmed Dead
vclaim-sno-florida-church-covid-party	"Carsyn Leigh Davis died of COVID-19 shortly after attending a ""COVID party"" at her youth church."	Did a Florida Teen Die After Attending a Church ‘COVID Party’?
vclaim-sno-florida-covid-canadian-tourism	Florida will provide COVID-19 vaccinations to Canadian visitors specifically to increase tourism in the state.	Is Florida Giving COVID-19 Vaccines to Canadians to Increase Tourism?
vclaim-sno-florida-deputy-david-hogg	Broward County Sheriff's Deputy Jason Fitzsimons died suspiciously after posting a photograph criticizing Parkland shooting survivor David Hogg.	Did a Florida Sheriff’s Deputy Die ‘Suspiciously’ After Criticizing David Hogg?
vclaim-sno-florida-electronics-rescue	Photographs posted to Facebook show Florida residents looting electronic devices during Hurricane Dorian in summer 2019.	Do These Photos Show Floridians ‘Rescuing’ Electronics During Hurricane Dorian?
vclaim-sno-florida-food-stamps-power-cut	Florida residents affected by Hurricane Irma can receive $197 in food stamp benefits, but only if they can show that their homes lost power for more than two hours.	Floridians Can Obtain Food Stamp Benefits If Their Power Went Out During Hurricane Irma?
vclaim-sno-florida-georgia-line-marry	Brian Kelley and Tyler Hubbard from the band Florida Georgia Line have announced that they are getting married.	Is Country Duo ‘Florida Georgia Line’ to Marry?
vclaim-sno-florida-governors-wife-has-zika-mosquito-spray-business	Ann Scott, the wife of Florida's governor, owns a Zika mosquito spraying business.	Florida Governor’s Wife Has Zika Mosquito Spray Business
vclaim-sno-florida-heads-up	Several homicides in the Florida/Georgia area are all the work of a single serial killer who dismembers his victims.	Tallahassee Decapitation Serial Killer
vclaim-sno-florida-high-school-shooter-dreamer	The accused school shooter in Florida is a Dreamer, a DACA recipient, or undocumented.	Is the Florida High School Shooter a ‘Dreamer’?
vclaim-sno-florida-kidnapping-yahtzee	A 37-year-old Florida man who was arrested for kidnapping 27 people and “forcing them to play Yahtzee for 36 hours straight.”	Did Florida Man Kidnap People, ‘Forcing Them To Play Yahtzee’?
vclaim-sno-florida-labs-busted-covid	"Thirty-three Florida labs were busted for ""cooking the books"" or tampering with data after not reporting negative COVID-19 test results between March and July 2020."	Were Florida Labs Busted for Not Reporting Negative COVID-19 Results?
vclaim-sno-florida-man-genitals-alligator	A man in Florida cut off his own genitals and fed them to an alligator while high on methamphetamine.	Florida Man, High on Meth, Cuts Off Genitals and Feeds Them to Alligator?
vclaim-sno-florida-man-pit-bull	A Florida man was emasculated during an attempt to engage in sexual relations with a pit bull.	Was a Florida Man Emasculated During a Pit Bull Sex Assault?
vclaim-sno-florida-man-pole-car-roof	A 71-year-old Florida man was arrested on suspicion of grand theft after tying a downed power pole to the roof of his vehicle.	Was Florida Man Arrested After Driving Away With Power Pole on Car Roof?
vclaim-sno-florida-man-surrenders-ar57	A Florida gun owner voluntarily gave up his AR-57 rifle to law enforcement after the Parkland school shooting.	Did a Florida Gun Owner Turn in His AR-57 After the Parkland School Shooting?
vclaim-sno-florida-man-turns-murdering-imaginary-friend	A man turned himself in to police for killing his make-believe companion.	Florida Man Turns Himself in for Murdering Imaginary Friend?
vclaim-sno-florida-manatee-bicycle-tire	A manatee that was spotted in 2019 with a bicycle tire wrapped around its body made another appearance in December 2020 — this time tire-free.	Did a Florida Manatee Break Free from Bicycle Tire Entanglement?
vclaim-sno-florida-motorcyclist-covid-death	A motorcyclist killed in a crash in Florida in 2020 was listed as a COVID-19 death.	Was a Fatal Motorcycle Crash Listed Among COVID-19 Deaths in Florida?
vclaim-sno-florida-moves-for-full-recount-of-state-votes-over-massive-voter-fraud	"The state of Florida is ""moving"" to undertake a ""full recount"" of all 2016 general election votes after ""massive voter fraud"" was uncovered."	Florida Moves for Full Recount of State Votes Over Massive Voter Fraud
vclaim-sno-florida-nikolas-cruz-isis	Accused school shooter Nikolas Cruz has ties to the Islamic State or other Islamic extremist groups.	Was the Suspected Florida High School Shooter Affiliated with the Islamic State?
vclaim-sno-florida-officer-mistakes-donut-glaze-for-methampetamines	A man was arrested after sugar from his Krispy Kreme donuts tested positive for methamphetamine during a traffic stop.	Florida Officer Mistakes Donut Glaze for Methampetamines
vclaim-sno-florida-puppy-alligators-deputized	A Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy named Gunner was honorably deputized by a Florida county sheriff’s office after being rescued from the jaws of an alligator.	Was a Florida Puppy Rescued From Alligator Deputized?
vclaim-sno-florida-rebekah-jones-raid	"In December 2020, Florida state police ""raided"" the home of Rebekah Jones, executing a search warrant and confiscating electronic devices."	Did Florida Police ‘Raid’ the Home of Fired COVID-19 Scientist Rebekah Jones?
vclaim-sno-florida-sheriffs-office-miami-dolphins-national-anthem	A sheriff's department in Florida announced that they would not protect the Miami Dolphins during the 2017 season in retaliation to a player boycott of the National Anthem.	Florida Sheriff’s Office Will Not Escort Miami Dolphins Until They Stand For National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-florida-shooter-antifa-shirt	A photograph shows Florida school shooter Nikolas Cruz wearing an antifa t-shirt.	Is This the Florida Shooter in an Antifa Shirt?
vclaim-sno-florida-town-trump-week	"The government of Frostproof, Florida, approved a proposal to declare Feb. 1 through Feb. 6 as ""Donald J. Trump week."""	Did a Florida Town Declare the First Week of February ‘Trump Week’?
vclaim-sno-florida-water-hack	A water treatment plant in Florida reported that it was successfully taken over by someone who attempted to alter chemical levels in the public water supply.	Was a Florida Water Treatment Plant Hacked?
vclaim-sno-flotus-fracas	First Lady Michelle Obama visited St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, severely disrupting operations and preventing parents from seeing their sick children.	Michelle Obama’s St. Jude Photo Op
vclaim-sno-flour-burn-treatment	The application of flour is an effective and recommended treatment for burns.	Should You Treat Burns with Flour?
vclaim-sno-flower-power-2	Picking bluebonnets is illegal in Texas.	Picking Bluebonnets Is Illegal in Texas?
vclaim-sno-floyd-county-georgia-votes	Some 2,600 uncounted votes, a majority of which were cast for U.S. President Donald Trump, were found in Floyd County, Georgia, moving the president about 800 votes closer to President-elect Joe Biden's tally in the 2020 general election.	Were 2,600 Uncounted Votes Found in Floyd County, Georgia?
vclaim-sno-floyd-instruction-manual-protesters	"Images show a ""riot"" manual for protesters issued by Democrats."	Is This an Instruction Manual for George Floyd Protesters?
vclaim-sno-floyd-mayweather-jr-donates-after-hurricane	Floyd Mayweather (or Manny Pacquiao) donated a sizable sum of money to Hurricane Harvey relief efforts.	Floyd Mayweather Jr. Donates a ‘Whopping Sum of Money’ to Houston After Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-floyd-mayweather-muslim-headwear	Floyd Mayweather wore a Muslim headscarf to a Donald Trump rally.	Floyd Mayweather Wore Hijab to Donald Trump Rally
vclaim-sno-flu-kills-more-people-covid-19	The seasonal flu kills more people every year in the U.S. than COVID-19 has to date.	Is Seasonal Flu More Deadly Than COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-flu-shot-avoidance	The flu shot is dangerous and full of risks the pharmaceutical companies don't want you to know about.	Should You Avoid Getting a Flu Shot?
vclaim-sno-flu-shot-cause-years-flu-epidemic	Production of the flu shot caused the influenza virus to mutate into a more virulent strain, driving the deadly 2017-2018 flu season.	Did the Flu Shot Cause This Year’s Flu Epidemic?
vclaim-sno-flu-shot-less-effective-season	The death from influenza of eight mostly vaccinated people over 65 in California's Santa Barbara County during the 2017-2018 flu season proves that you shouldn’t get the flu shot.	Less Effective Flu Shots ‘Prove’ You Shouldn’t Get Them at All?
vclaim-sno-flu-the-coop	The CDC has warned that the swine flu is wiping out villages in Asia and will kill 60% of the U.S. population.	Swine Flu Warning
vclaim-sno-flu-vaccine-covid-buttar	People vaccinated for seasonal influenza face higher chances of catching SARS-COV-2, which causes COVID-19, or testing positive for the virus when they do not actually have it.	Do Flu Vaccines Increase Your Risk of Testing Positive for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-flu-vaccine-dangers	"A Johns Hopkins scientist issued a ""blistering report"" on flu vaccine dangers in the British Medical Journal."	Did a Johns Hopkins Scientist Expose Flu Vaccine Dangers?
vclaim-sno-flue-shot	A crafty workman ensures he will be paid for his work by boobytrapping the job.	Crafty Worker’s Boobytrap
vclaim-sno-fluffy-cows-shampoo	"A photograph shows two ""fluffy"" cows after a shampoo and blow dry."	Did These ‘Fluffy Cows’ Get Shampooed?
vclaim-sno-fluoroquinolone-antibiotics-tendon-damage	The FDA has updated its warnings for — and recommended limitations on — prescribing a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones, citing potentially irreversible side-effects including tendon damage and rupture.	Could Cipro and Other Fluoroquinolone Antibiotics Cause Irreversible Tendon Damage?
vclaim-sno-flux-capacitors-oreilly-auto-parts	The O'Reilly Auto Parts website includes a flux capacitor among its part listings.	Does O’Reilly Auto Parts Advertise Flux Capacitors?
vclaim-sno-fly-bye	Hanging plastic bags filled with water will repel flies.	Do Water-Filled Baggies Repel Flies?
vclaim-sno-fly-curious	Spirit Airlines offers innuendo-laced promotions, including $69 fares.	Controversial Spirit Airlines Promotions
vclaim-sno-fly-geyser	Photographs show Nevada’s colorful Fly Geyser	Fly Geyser
vclaim-sno-flying-101	Photographs show an airliner with a ‘Flying 101’ exterior design.	Kulula — Flying 101
vclaim-sno-flying-horse	A flying horse was captured on video above Jeddah.	Flying Black Horse in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia?
vclaim-sno-flying-lizard	"A photograph captures a ""satanic leaf-tailed gecko"" or a ""flying lizard"" with wings like a dragon."	Is This a Photograph of a Flying Lizard?
vclaim-sno-flying-nones	A video clip captures two angels flying over Brazil.	Angels Flying Over Brazil?
vclaim-sno-flying-pigs	A prophecy that a black man would inhabit the White house “when pigs fly” ties the Obama presidency to the swine flu.	‘When Pigs Fly’ Prophecy
vclaim-sno-flying-with-animals	People can fly with dogs, pot-bellied pigs, turkeys, monkeys, and miniature horses if they claim that their pets are emotional support animals.	Flying with Animals
vclaim-sno-flyover-denial	The Department of Defense denied a request for a military flyover at the 2009 ‘God and Country’ rally.	Flyover Denial
vclaim-sno-foiled	Wrapping bills in tinfoil keeps them from being detected by scanning devices.	Tinfoil Defeats Scans
vclaim-sno-foiling-the-police	Placing tinfoil in your car’s hubcaps or hanging a CD from your rear-view mirror will fool police radar.	Tinfoil on CDs to Fool Police Radar
vclaim-sno-following-announcement	Thieves follow buyers from electronics stores and steal merchandise from their cars.	Trailed Computer Buyers
vclaim-sno-folsom-street-fair-photo	"A photograph of a scantily clad singer represents ""antifa"" in a Seattle anti-police-brutality protest zone in summer 2020."	Does a Pic Show Antifa in Seattle Protest Zone?
vclaim-sno-foo-fighters-west-wing	"The Foo Fighters played a presidential inauguration concert in an episode of ""The West Wing."""	Did Foo Fighters Play an Inauguration Show on ‘The West Wing’?
vclaim-sno-food-911	Woman calls police because a fast food outlet won’t make a cheeseburger the way she wants it.	911 Cheeseburger Call
vclaim-sno-food-blank	Texting the word 'HUNGER' to 35350 will cause Sam's Club to donate the monetary equivalent of 12 meals to a local food bank.	Text ‘Hunger’ to 35350 to Donate to Local Food Banks?
vclaim-sno-food-lion-coupon	An online coupon offers shoppers $90 off any purchase in a Food Lion grocery store.	Food Lion $90 Coupon
vclaim-sno-food-safety-modernization-act	The Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009 would eliminate home gardens and put organic farmers out of business.	Food Safety Modernization Act of 2009
vclaim-sno-food-stamp-hunger-tests	"A Republican lawmaker proposed introducing ""hunger tests"" before issuing food stamps."	Alabama Lawmaker Wants Food Stamp ‘Hunger Tests’?
vclaim-sno-food-stamps-rfid-mandatory	U.S. citizens who receive government benefits will soon be required to have microchips surgically implanted in them.	Must Citizens Who Want to Receive Government Benefits Agree to Be Microchipped?
vclaim-sno-food-waste-walmart	A Facebook Live video shows careless food waste at a Celina, Ohio Walmart.	Does a Video Show Needlessly Wasted Food at an Ohio Walmart?
vclaim-sno-fools-gold-digger	A woman who advertised on Craigslist for a rich husband received advice from a potential life partner about 'depreciating assets.'	Craigslist Gold Digger
vclaim-sno-foot-fall	Photographs show a foot injury caused by stepping on a broken CFL bulb.	Mercury Exposure from CFL Bulb Foot Injury
vclaim-sno-foot-note	Application of Vicks VapoRub to the soles of children's feet effectively counters nighttime cough.	Should You Apply Vicks VapoRub to Children’s Feet?
vclaim-sno-footage-of-destructive-tornadoes-million	A video showing several destructive tornadoes was purchased by National Geographic for $1 million.	Did National Geographic Purchase Footage of Destructive Tornadoes for $1 Million?
vclaim-sno-football-fan-flag-stand-national-anthem	"A pro football fan sat on the United States flag while wearing a shirt that read: ""I stand for the national anthem."""	Did a Football Fan Sit on an American Flag While Wearing a Shirt Reading ‘I Stand for the National Anthem’?
vclaim-sno-football-follies	A soccer team advanced in a cup match by deliberately scoring a goal against their own side.	Soccer Team Scores on Itself to Win Cup Match
vclaim-sno-football-player-broken-legs-hoax	Football player Michael Vick broke both his legs in an automobile accident.	Michael Vick Breaks Both Legs?
vclaim-sno-footie-loose	A razor blade discovered in a child’s “footies” (footed pajamas) injured a baby.	Razor Blade Found in Footies
vclaim-sno-for-better-or-verse	Bride’s mix-up results in an embarrassingly inappropriate Bible verse being inscribed on her wedding cake.	Embarrassing Wrong Bible Verse on Wedding Cake
vclaim-sno-for-the-birds	Crafters have been asked to knit sweaters for oil-soaked penguins.	Sweaters for Penguins
vclaim-sno-for-whom-the-doorbell-trolls	A developmentally disabled adult captured a delivery person, Jehovah's Witness, or salesman after mistaking him for a troll.	Delivery Person Mistaken for Troll
vclaim-sno-for-your-eyes-only	One of the women in the James Bond film For Your Eyes Only is transgender.	Was There a Transgender Bond Girl?
vclaim-sno-forced-vaccines-covid-19	In fall 2020, the U.S. federal government released plans to force every citizen to get a COVID-19 vaccine.	Will US Govt. Force COVID-19 Vaccine on Citizens?
vclaim-sno-ford-from-mexico-to-ohio	After Donald Trump won the 2016 election, Ford decided to move production of their vehicles from Mexico to Ohio.	Trump Win Prompts Ford to Move Manufacturing from Mexico to Ohio
vclaim-sno-ford-george-soros	Photographs show Dr. Christine Blasey Ford with George Soros, Harvey Weinstein, and Bill Clinton.	Is This a Photograph of Christine Blasey Ford with Bill Clinton?
vclaim-sno-ford-kaepernick-ad-campaign	"Ford USA announced in September 2018 that Colin Kaepernick would star in their new ""Built Ford Tough"" advertisements."	Did Ford Make Colin Kaepernick the Face of Their New Ad Campaign?
vclaim-sno-ford-lawyer-hillary-clinton	A photograph shows Christine Blasey Ford's lawyer, Debra Katz ,walking out of a house with Hillary Clinton.	Is This a Photograph of Christine Blasey Ford’s Lawyer with Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-ford-lawyer-soros-kavanaugh	"Christine Blasey Ford's attorney, Debra Katz, serves as vice chair for a ""Soros-funded organization"" that opposes the Supreme Court confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh."	Is Christine Blasey Ford’s Lawyer the Vice Chair of a ‘Soros-Funded Org Opposing Kavanaugh’?
vclaim-sno-ford-motor-company-defund-police	Ford Motor Co. has donated millions of dollars to groups and initiatives that support defunding or abolishing police forces.	Has Ford Motor Co. Donated Millions to ‘Defund the Police’?
vclaim-sno-ford-motors-funds-black-lives-matter	The Ford Motor Company donated $100 million to the Black Lives Matter movement.	Ford Motors Funds Black Lives Matter
vclaim-sno-ford-tariff-layoffs	Ford is laying workers off due to $1 billion in losses resulting from President Trump's new trade tariffs on metal imports.	Is Ford Preparing for Mass Layoffs After Losing $1 Billion to Trump’s Trade Tariffs?
vclaim-sno-foreign-currency	President Obama’s November 2010 trip to India will cost taxpayers $200 million per day.	President Obama’s Asian Trip – $200 Million per Day?
vclaim-sno-foreign-exchange	U.S. companies operating overseas telephone service centers must transfer customers to U.S.-based representatives upon request.	Foreign Call Centers Must Transfer Customers to U.S. Reps?
vclaim-sno-foreign-legions	President Obama has ordered the military to enlist “illegal immigrants.”	Military to Enlist Illegal Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-forestry-service-advice-for-animals-in-wildfires	"The ""forestry department"" urges you to lay buckets of water out for wildlife that may cross your yard while escaping a wildfire."	Should You Lay ‘Buckets of Water’ Out For Wildlife Escaping Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-forever-21-swastika-rings	Retailer Forever 21 is selling rings and other jewelry that include swastikas.	Forever 21 Swastika Rings
vclaim-sno-forever-21	Forever 21 demoted its employees to part-time status “to retaliate against Obamacare.”	Forever 21
vclaim-sno-forever-stamps-slower-mail	"USPS  ""Forever Stamps"" are considered ""second-class mail,"" and items sent with those stamps are processed more slowly."	(Takes) Forever Stamps
vclaim-sno-forever-twinkies	Hostess Twinkies have an indefinite shelf life.	Twinkies Shelf Life
vclaim-sno-fork-urethra	Image shows an x-ray of a man with a fork in his urethra.	X-Ray of Fork in Urethra
vclaim-sno-former-british-ambassador-says-he-not-russia-is-the-dnc-leaker	Leaks of DNC e-mails were  stemmed from the efforts of a disgruntled insider, not Russian hackers.	Former British Ambassador Says He, Not Russia, Is the DNC Leak
vclaim-sno-former-canadian-defense-minister-claims-illuminati-are-real-and-hiding-alien-technology	A former Canadian defense minister said aliens have visited earth and have technology that would solve climate change, but won't share it with humans because we are too destructive.	Did a Former Canadian Official Say the Illuminati Are Real—And Hiding Alien Stuff?
vclaim-sno-former-clinton-foundation-ceo-missing	"Former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman has gone ""missing."""	Is the Former Clinton Foundation CEO Missing?
vclaim-sno-former-president-becomes-vice-president	Former President Barack Obama could run for, and serve as, Vice President of the United States.	Could Barack Obama Serve as Vice President?
vclaim-sno-former-presidents-mocked-trump-about-his-first-try-tweet	Former Presidents Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush mocked President Trump on Twitter about his tweet bragging about winning the election on his first try.	Three Former Presidents Mocked Trump on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-forrest-gump-plot	"Scenes in the 1994 movie ""Forrest Gump"" contain at least two plot inconsistencies."	Does ‘Forrest Gump’ Plot Include These Inconsistencies?
vclaim-sno-fort-blunder-wrong-side-of-border	A photograph shows Fort Blunder, an American military base that was accidentally built in Canada.	Was ‘Fort Blunder’ Built on the Wrong Side of the Border?
vclaim-sno-fort-campbell	Memo issued to soldiers at Fort Campbell requires them to provide information on privately owned weapons.	Fort Campbell Gun Registration
vclaim-sno-fortnite-battle-royale-ending	"Fortnite Games announced on Twitter that it is ending ""Battle Royale"" due to a copyright infringement lawsuit from a competitor."	Is ‘Fortnite: Battle Royale’ Ending?
vclaim-sno-fortnite-predators-grooming	Law enforcement officials said parents should be worried about sexual predators using gaming apps such as Fortnite to groom children.	Are Sexual Predators Using ‘Fortnite’ to Groom Children?
vclaim-sno-fortuitous-fizz	Coca-Cola became a carbonated drink when a soda jerk accidentally mixed Coca-Cola syrup with soda water.	Was Coca-Cola Carbonated by Accident?
vclaim-sno-fortunate-grandson	"Barack Obama ""lied"" about his father's military service during World War II."	Did President Obama Lie About His Father’s Military Service?
vclaim-sno-fortunate-son	"The Creedence Clearwater Revival song ""Fortunate Son"" was inspired by Al Gore, Jr."	Is Creedence Clearwater Revival’s ‘Fortunate Son’ About Al Gore?
vclaim-sno-fortunate-sons	An essay details the sad fates of rich and powerful men from 1923.	How Did These Famous and Powerful Men of 1923 Fare?
vclaim-sno-fortune-cookie-fortune	The numbers recommended by a fortune cookie resulted in a lottery win.	Did Winning Lottery Numbers Come from a Fortune Cookie?
vclaim-sno-foul-poll	A lawsuit brought by an injured fan revealed that an umpire blew an important call in a 1908 baseball game.	1908 Pirates-Cubs Pennant Controversy
vclaim-sno-four-armed-ufo-spotted-by-international-space-station	A four-pronged alien space craft was spotted by the International Space Station, but NASA is covering it up.	Four-Armed UFO Spotted by International Space Station?
vclaim-sno-four-black-men-hanging-deaths	Investigators initially ruled that five Black men found hanging dead from trees in the days following George Floyd's death on May 25, 2020 died by suicide.	Did 5 Black Men Found Hanging Dead From Trees Die by Suicide?
vclaim-sno-four-horseman-clouds-photo	"A photograph shows the ""Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse"" riding out of the clouds."	Does This Photo Show ‘Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse’ in the Clouds?
vclaim-sno-four-play	A United States Postal Service mail truck has the right of way over emergency vehicles.	Do Mail Trucks Always Have the Right of Way?
vclaim-sno-four-things-about-king	Article details 'four things you didn't know' about Martin Luther King, Jr.	Is This Viral List of ‘Four Things You Didn’t Know About Martin Luther King, Jr.’ True?
vclaim-sno-four-times-more-stabbed-than-rifles-any-kind	More than four times as many people are stabbed to death than killed with rifles of any kind.	Are Four Times More People Stabbed to Death Than Killed with Rifles?
vclaim-sno-fourever-fortune	A wealthy woman left her entire estate to a man she had met only once, and spent a total of four hours with.	Fourever Fortune
vclaim-sno-fourth-down	President Obama advised a group of college students not to celebrate the 4th of July.	Obama to College Students: Do Not Celebrate Fourth of July
vclaim-sno-fox-feeding-koalas	A video shared widely in January 2020 showed a fox suckling koala joeys caught up in Australian bushfires that winter.	Did a Video Show a Fox Suckling Koalas Orphaned by Australia Fires?
vclaim-sno-fox-fred-rogers-evil	"The hosts of ""Fox & Friends"" described children's TV host Fred Rogers as an ""evil, evil man."""	Did ‘Fox and Friends’ Call Fred Rogers an ‘Evil, Evil Man’?
vclaim-sno-fox-guest-shooting-up-pot-gaffe	A Fox News guest referred to people injecting marijuana into their systems.	Did a Fox News Guest Refer to ‘Shooting Up’ Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-fox-new-zealand-mosque	The government of New Zealand pulled Sky News Australia off the air in March 2019.	Did New Zealand Take Fox News or Sky News Off the Air in Response to Mosque Shooting Coverage?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-banned-australia-new-zealand	"Fox News Channel was banned in Australia and New Zealand after being deemed ""propaganda."""	Was Fox News Banned as ‘Propaganda’ in Australia and New Zealand?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-benghazi-probe-hoax	"Fox News admitted the investigation into the Benghazi deaths was a ""complete hoax."""	Fox News Said the Benghazi Probe Was a Hoax
vclaim-sno-fox-news-chyron	"A Fox News chyron reported ""Joe Biden has been president for nine hours and 400,000 people are dead."""	Was This a Real Fox News Chyron?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-comey	Fox News reported the former FBI director had resigned, when he had in fact been fired.	Did Fox News Report That James Comey Resigned?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-documentary	FOX News will soon be airing a revealing documentary about Barack Obama.	Is FOX News Airing a Revealing Documentary on Barack Obama?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-entertainment-switch	"Fox News changed its accreditation from ""news"" to ""entertainment."""	Did Fox News Change Its Accreditation from ‘News’ to ‘Entertainment’?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-festivus-michael-cohen	A viral screenshot shows a Fox News contributor debating the 'War on Christmas' while other news networks reported on Michael Cohen's guilty pleas.	Did Fox News Discuss the ‘War on Christmas’ While Other Networks Covered Michael Cohen’s Guilty Pleas?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-guest-greta-thunberg	"A Fox News guest disparaged teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg by calling her ""mentally ill."""	Did a Fox News Guest Disparage Teen Climate Activist Greta Thunberg?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-manafort-blackout-cheeseburger-emoji	Fox News didn't report breaking political news about the indictment of Paul Manafort and instead ran coverage of controversy involving a cheeseburger emoji.	Did Fox News Ignore News of Paul Manafort’s Indictment and Cover a Cheeseburger Emoji Controversy Instead?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-michigan-canada-map	A map displayed during Sean Hannity's Fox News show mislabeled the Upper Peninsula of Michigan as Canada.	Did Fox News Map Mislabel Michigan as Canada?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-profanity-laced-attack	"Fox News reported that U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar had delivered a ""profanity-laced attack on President Trump"" by repeating Trump's own words."	Did Fox News Report That U.S. Rep. Omar Delivered a “Profanity-Laced Attack on President Trump”?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-reality-winner-parody-account-broadcast	Fox News showed a parody account for Reality Winner during a live broadcast.	Did Fox News Use a Reality Winner Parody Twitter Account During a Live Broadcast?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-satire	"The FCC has classified Fox News as ""satire"" rather than a news source."	Was Fox News Classified as ‘Satire’ by the FCC?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-stock-death	A graphic shows a Fox News chart correlating the stock market’s performance with the aftermath of the beating and deaths of black men.	Did Fox News Correlate Stock Market Performance with the Deaths of Black Men?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-vindman-statement	Fox News was removed from 'Armed Forces Radio' due to the network's coverage of Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman's testimony in the impeachment inquiry into U.S. President Donald Trump.	Was Fox News Removed From ‘Armed Forces Radio’ Over Vindman Segment?
vclaim-sno-fox-news-whoopi-goldberg	Fox News has hired Whoopi Goldberg.	Did Fox News Just Hire ‘Filthy, Lying Liberal’ Whoopi Goldberg?
vclaim-sno-fox-patti-labelle-aretha-franklin	Fox News included an image of singer Patti LaBelle instead of Aretha Franklin in a tribute piece after the latter's passing.	Did Fox News Use an Image of Patti LaBelle During Their Aretha Franklin Tribute?
vclaim-sno-fox-skews	The Fox News Channel won a 2004 court case allowing the cable channel to lie to viewers.	Did Fox News Sue for the ‘Right to Lie’?
vclaim-sno-fox-sports-cancels-nfl-broadcasts-players-respect-flag	Fox Sports announced that they would no longer broadcast NFL games until teams and players apologized to President Trump for kneeling during the national anthem.	Fox Sports Cancels ALL NFL Broadcasts ‘Until Players Respect the Flag’?
vclaim-sno-fox-staged-photo-afghanistan	An image of soldiers excited to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Afghanistan in 2019 was actually taken at Universal Studios.	Did Fox News Post Staged Photo of Soldiers During Trump’s 2019 Afghanistan Visit?
vclaim-sno-fox-treason-for-the-season	"Fox aired a holiday graphic reading ""Reason for the Season,"" which some viewers read as ""Treason for the Season"" due the placement of a cross."	Did Fox News Display a ‘Treason for the Season’ Graphic?
vclaim-sno-fracking-for-a-cure	Oil giant Baker Hughes donated $100,000 to the Susan G. Komen Foundation and now plans to distribute 1000 pink drill bits.	Fracking Firm to Sell Pink Drill Bits for Susan G. Komen Partnership
vclaim-sno-frame-job	A woman stuck to a toilet seat provides a physician with an opportunity for the perfect bon mot.	Woman Stuck to Painted Toilet Seat
vclaim-sno-france-announces-it-will-use-guillotines-on-terrorists	France has announced they are bringing back the guillotine for use on terrorists.	France Announces It Will Use Guillotines on Terrorists
vclaim-sno-france-covered-up-bataclan-victims	France deliberately suppressed information about torture and mutilation at the Bataclan in November 2015 to avoid upsetting Muslims.	France Covered Up Torture and Mutilation of Bataclan Victims
vclaim-sno-france-law-children-consent-sex	In August 2018, French politicians passed a law which stated that a child is capable of consenting to having sex with an adult.	Did France Pass a Law Saying That ‘Children Can Consent to Sex with Adults’?
vclaim-sno-france-unburies-american-dead	"France demanded that the U.S. remove buried American soldiers from their soil, saying ""Come pick up your garbage."""	France Unburies American Dead
vclaim-sno-franceska-mann	In a dying act of defiance, Polish dancer and Holocaust victim Franceska Mann shot and killed SS officer Josef Schillinger.	Did a Jewish Ballerina Shoot an SS Guard at Auschwitz?
vclaim-sno-frank-admission-2	A coed who uses a frozen hot dog to pleasure herself ends up in the emergency room when it breaks off inside her.	Hot Dog Lover
vclaim-sno-frank-admission	The settlement of a wrongful death suit compelled the U.S. Post Office to mail for free any letters with “Frank” inscribed in the space where the stamp would otherwise go.	Franking Privileges
vclaim-sno-frank-bruni-college-admissions	Stanford University rejected all applicants for the Class of 2020, cementing their status as an upper-crust institution.	Frank Bruni ‘College Admissions Shocker’ Satire
vclaim-sno-frank-rocky-fiegel-popeye	"A photograph shows Frank ""Rocky"" Fiegel, a real-life person who served as the inspiration for the character ""Popeye."""	Was Frank ‘Rocky’ Fiegel the Inspiration for ‘Popeye’?
vclaim-sno-franklin-graham-attempted-rape	"Rev. Franklin Graham said ""attempted rape is not a crime"" and that Brett Kavanaugh ""respected"" his victim by ""not finishing."""	Did Franklin Graham Say ‘Attempted Rape Is Not a Crime’?
vclaim-sno-franklin-graham-equality-act	The claims penned by evangelist Franklin Graham in open letter about the proposed U.S. Equality Act in February 2021 were correct.	Is Franklin Graham’s ‘Urgent Prayer Alert’ About the US Equality Act Correct?
vclaim-sno-franz-kafka-doll-girl-story	In the early 1920s, Franz Kafka consoled a little girl he met in the park by writing dozens of letters to her, posing as her missing doll.	Did Franz Kafka Invent Letters from a Missing Doll to Comfort a Little Girl?
vclaim-sno-frau-blucher-horses	The horses in 'Young Frankenstein' react violently to mention of Frau Blücher's name because it means 'glue' in German.	Why Does Frau Blücher’s Name Scare Horses in ‘Young Frankenstein’?
vclaim-sno-fred-rogers-rumors	Children’s television show host Fred Rogers hid a violent and criminal past.	Mr. Rogers’ Rumor Neighborhood
vclaim-sno-fred-trump-dope-man	Donald Trump's father, Fred Trump, ran a mayoral campaign advertisement called 'Dope Man' in 1969.	Did Fred Trump Run a Campaign Advertisement Called ‘Dope Man’ in 1969?
vclaim-sno-fred-trump-mao-zedong	A photograph shows Donald Trump's father posing with Chinese revolutionary Mao Zedong.	Is This Donald Trump’s Father with Mao Zedong?
vclaim-sno-freddie-gray-rap-sheet	Freddie Gray, who died from spinal injuries while in Baltimore police custody on	Freddie Gray Arrest Record, Criminal History, and Rap Sheet
vclaim-sno-freddie-gray-surgery	Freddie Gray was injured in a car accident and underwent spinal surgery prior to his arrest and death.	Freddie Gray Had Spinal Surgery?
vclaim-sno-freddie-mercury-putting-make	A photograph shows Queen singer Freddie Mercury applying intricate face makeup.	Is This a Snapshot of Freddie Mercury Putting on Makeup?
vclaim-sno-frederica-wilson-online-congress	"Rep. Frederica Wilson advocated prosecuting persons who ""make fun of Congress"" online."	Did Rep. Frederica Wilson Advocate Prosecuting People Who ‘Make Fun’ of Congress?
vclaim-sno-frederica-wilson-veterans	Representative Frederica Wilson has never supported a bill intended to help military veterans.	Has Representative Frederica Wilson Never Supported Pro-Veteran Legislation?
vclaim-sno-free-aston-martins	James Bond actor Daniel Craig gets free Aston Martin cars for life.	Does ‘James Bond’ Actor Daniel Craig Get Free Aston Martin Cars for Life?
vclaim-sno-free-case-of-baby-formula	Parents can receive a case of baby formula during the COVID-19 pandemic by calling the number on the back of the company's product.	Can You Get Free Baby Formula During COVID-19 Crisis by Calling the Company?
vclaim-sno-free-coke-bag-scam	"In honor of their 125th anniversary, Coca-Cola is giving away bags ""containing lots of Coke goodies and a $20 voucher."""	Is Coca-Cola Giving Away Free Bags with Goodies for their 125th Anniversary?
vclaim-sno-free-cone-day-dq	Dairy Queen is hosting 'Free Cone Day' on 20 March 2017.	Is Dairy Queen Holding a Free Cone Day on 20 March 2017?
vclaim-sno-free-cone-day	Ben & Jerry's ice cream outlets are offering free cones on Tuesday, 10 April 2018.	Free Cone Day at Ben and Jerry’s
vclaim-sno-free-disney-theme-park-tickets-scam	Disney is giving away free theme park tickets to Facebook users.	‘Free Disney Theme Park Tickets’ Scam
vclaim-sno-free-for-all	The U.S. government is opening gas stations to distribute free gasoline in poor neighborhoods.	Government Opening Free Gas Stations in Poor Neighborhoods
vclaim-sno-free-ihop-pancakes-national-pancake-day	IHOP restaurants are offering free pancakes on National Pancake Day.	Free IHOP Pancakes on National Pancake Day
vclaim-sno-free-jetblue-tickets-scam	JetBlue is giving away free air tickets to Facebook users.	Free JetBlue Tickets Scam
vclaim-sno-free-meals-for-veterans	Restaurant chains are offering free meals to U.S. military personnel in conjunction with Veterans Day.	Free Meals for Military Personnel on Veterans Day
vclaim-sno-free-pastry-day-at-starbucks	An Internet-circulated coupon is good for a free pastry at Starbucks outlets on	Free Pastry Day at Starbucks
vclaim-sno-free-ride	Congress has approved a program to provide welfare recipients with free cars and a monthly stipend for gas.	Congress Approves Bill That Will Offer Free Automobiles to Welfare Recipients
vclaim-sno-free-rides	A 2013 immigration reform bill provides young people with free cars to transport them to their jobs.	Immigration Bill Free Cars
vclaim-sno-free-shoes-from-nike	You can get a new pair of shoes from Nike by just mailing them any old,	Free Shoes from Nike
vclaim-sno-free-southwest-tickets-scam	Southwest Airlines is giving away free air travel tickets to those who share and comment on Facebook posts.	Free Southwest Tickets Scam
vclaim-sno-free-starbucks-gift-card-scam	Starbucks is awarding social media users free gift cards who click, like, and share Facebook posts.	Free Starbucks Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-free-uggs-scam	UGGs is giving away free pairs of boots to Facebook users.	Free Uggs Scam
vclaim-sno-freedom-and-jeff	Photographs show Freedom, an injured bald eagle nursed back to health by a cancer survivor.	Amazing Eagle Story – Freedom & Jeff
vclaim-sno-freedom-concert	"An image shows a real flyer for a ""Freedom Concert"" scheduled for Inauguration Day."	‘Freedom Concert’ Being Planned, But No Details Announced
vclaim-sno-freedom-of-choice-act	Message lists consequences that will result from passage of the Freedom of Choice Act.	Freedom of Choice Act
vclaim-sno-freeway-chickens	The Hollywood Freeway in Los Angeles, California, was the permanent home to a brood of chickens.	Los Angeles Freeway Chickens
vclaim-sno-freeway-work-zones	The state of Illinois uses photo radar in freeway work zones.	Illinois Freeway Work Zones Laws
vclaim-sno-french-arlington-cemetery	President Trump did not attend Veterans Day services at Arlington National Cemetery marking the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I, but representatives of the French government did.	Did the French, But Not Trump, Attend WW1 Services at Arlington National Cemetery?
vclaim-sno-french-bulldog-kentucky-mayor	The small community of Rabbit Hash, Kentucky, elected a French bulldog named “Wilbur Beast” as its mayor in 2020.	Was French Bulldog ‘Wilbur Beast’ Elected Mayor of Kentucky Town?
vclaim-sno-french-dip	The French dip sandwich was invented to placate a restaurant patron who complained about stale bread.	French Dip Sandwich Origins
vclaim-sno-freon-based-ac-2020	Air conditioners that use the refrigerant Freon will have to be replaced by 2020.	Will All Freon-Based Air Conditioners Need to Be Replaced by 2020?
vclaim-sno-freshwater-shark-michigan	A photograph documents the capture of a rare freshwater Marquette shark off the coast of Muskegon, Michigan.	Freshwater Snark
vclaim-sno-fresno-and-tulare-serial-killer-warning	Five women (two of whom were murdered) went missing in California's Fresno and Tulare counties, but police are suppressing news of the incidents.	Fresno and Tulare Serial Killer Warning
vclaim-sno-fresno-terrorist-threat	Anti-terrorism presentation warns about women in burqas buying up cell phones.	Fresno Terrorism Threat: Women in Burqas Buying Cell Phones
vclaim-sno-friday-mornings-at-the-pentagon	Wounded veterans paraded through halls of the Pentagon every Friday morning.	Friday Mornings at the Pentagon
vclaim-sno-friday-the-13th	Friday the 13th is a day fraught with peril.	Why Is Friday the 13th Unlucky?
vclaim-sno-fried-chicken-oreos	Nabisco has announced they will be producing Fried Chicken Oreos.	Fried Chicken Oreos
vclaim-sno-friends-movie-trailer-real	"A teaser trailer was released for a ""Friends"" movie."	Is This ‘Friends’ Movie Trailer Real?
vclaim-sno-friends-reunion-new-season	The actors from the hit '90s sitcom 'Friends' are reuniting to shoot another season of the series.	Cast of ‘Friends’ to Reunite for a New Season?
vclaim-sno-frito-lay-potato-chips-recall-salmonella	Frito-Lay issued a recall of two potato chip products in April 2017 over Salmonella-related fears, a report framed as new in July and August 2017.	Did Frito-Lay Issue a Product Recall Due to Salmonella Fears?
vclaim-sno-from-sears-to-eternity	"The Sears website briefly offered a ""body part roaster"" grill for cooking babies."	Did the Sears Website Display a Listing for a Baby-Cooking Grill?
vclaim-sno-frontline-plus-flea-and-tick-warning	Frontline Plus brand flea and tick remedy can cause serious adverse reactions in dogs.	Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Warning
vclaim-sno-frozen-frogs	A photograph shows a frozen Alaskan tree frog, a species that can survive for weeks with most of its body water frozen.	Can These Frogs Survive After Freezing in Winter?
vclaim-sno-frozen-grape-water-to-ice	A video shows a frozen grape delicately submerged in a wine glass of water, which then instantly crystallized into a blob of ice around the grape.	Did This Frozen Grape Instantaneously Turn Water Into Ice?
vclaim-sno-frozen-river-scream-ghostface	The ice in a photograph of a frozen river resembles the mask from the movie Scream.	Does this Frozen River Resemble the ‘Scream’ Mask?
vclaim-sno-frozen-spider-web-sculpture	A photograph shows a frozen spider web.	Does a Photograph Show a Frozen Spider Web?
vclaim-sno-frozen-wave-photos	A series of photographs shows  frozen waves off the coast of Nantucket.	(Nearly) Frozen Waves
vclaim-sno-frozen-wolf-pup-fur-preserved	At 57,000 years old, the world’s most complete wolf mummy — skin, fur, and all — was found in permafrost when a gold miner blasted a wall of frozen mud.	Was a 57,000-Year-Old Frozen Wolf Pup Discovered With Fur Still Preserved?
vclaim-sno-fruit-stickers-edible	Price-Look Up (PLU) code stickers on vegetables and fruit are edible.	Are Fruit Stickers Edible?
vclaim-sno-fruits-irrigated-fracking-wastewater	Produce in California (namely tangerines) is being grown in toxic wastewater from oil company fracking activities.	Are California Fruits Irrigated with Toxic Fracking Wastewater?
vclaim-sno-fubu-boo-boo	The popular urban sportswear clothier FUBU took its name from the phrase ‘For Us By Us.’	Fubu Name Origin
vclaim-sno-fucking-austria-renamed-fugging	"The town of Fucking, Austria, was renamed ""Fugging."""	Was Fucking (the Town in Austria, That Is) Renamed?
vclaim-sno-fuel-deficient	President Obama told U.S. consumers that they should “get used to” higher gas prices and “trade your car in for an energy efficient car.”	President Obama on High Gas Prices
vclaim-sno-fuel-icon-foolery	An automobile's dashboard fuel level icon indicates which side the vehicle's gas cap is on.	Gas Pump Icon and Fuel Doors
vclaim-sno-fuelish-pleasures	The use of cellular phones poses a danger of touching off explosions at gas stations	Is Cell Phone Use at Gas Pumps Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-fukushima-emergency	Image shows radioactive seepage spreading across the Pacific Ocean from the Fukushima nuclear plant.	Fukushima Radioactive Water Leak Chart
vclaim-sno-fukushima-officials-never-eat-pacific-fish-again	Fukushima scientists have warned that fish in the Pacific Ocean will never again be safe for human consumption due to radioactive contamination	Did Fukushima Officials Warn that Humans Should Never Eat Fish Again?
vclaim-sno-fukushima-radiation-causes-100-infant-mortality-among-orca-whales	Radiation from the 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster has caused 100% infant mortality among orca whales.	Fukushima Radiation Causes 100% Infant Mortality Among Orca Whales
vclaim-sno-fukushima-radiation-marine-photos	A series of widely-shared photos show the effects that the Fukushima Nuclear DIsaster had on marine life.	No, These Photos Don’t All Show the Effects of the Fukushima Disaster on Marine Life
vclaim-sno-fukushima-reactor-falling-into-ocean	A damaged nuclear reactor at Fukushima Daiichi is about to fall into the ocean.	Is a Damaged Fukushima Nuclear Reactor About to Fall Into the Ocean?
vclaim-sno-full-blue-moon-halloween-2020	"There will be a full ""blue"" moon on Halloween in 2020."	Will There Be a Full ‘Blue’ Moon on Halloween 2020?
vclaim-sno-full-gas-tank-explosion	On hot summer days, you should avoid filling your car’s gas tank completely due to a risk of explosion.	Will Cars with Full Gas Tanks Explode on Hot Days?
vclaim-sno-funeral-party-air-force-one	Former presidents Bush, Obama, and Clinton trashed Air Force One after the funeral of George H.W. Bush.	Did the Bush, Clinton, and Obama Funeral Party Trash Air Force One?
vclaim-sno-funeral-rights-2	The Obama administration sent an official delegation to Hugo Chavez’s funeral but “snubbed” the funeral of former UK prime minister Margaret Thatcher.	Margaret Thatcher/Hugo Chavez Funerals
vclaim-sno-funeral-rights	Item recounts an exchange between a White House Marine guard and a VFW member.	Funeral Rights
vclaim-sno-fungus-among-us	70% of Americans are afflicted with a ‘vampire fungus’ that causes a number of chronic illnesses.	'Vampire Fungus' Affects 70 Percent of Americans?
vclaim-sno-funny-money-2	Barack Obama’s education and house were paid for with money obtained from questionable sources.	Where Did Obama’s Money Come From?
vclaim-sno-funny-money	George Zimmerman has won a Florida state lottery jackpot.	Funny Money
vclaim-sno-funny-names	A woman christens her baby with a name based on an embarrassing medical term or bodily part after overhearing one of the nurses use the word.	Have Babies Been Named After Embarrassing Medical Terms?
vclaim-sno-funvax	A leaked Pentagon video reveals a government plot to vaccinate people against thoughts, ideas, and religion.	Does a Leaked Video Reveal a Government Plot to Vaccinate Against ‘Thoughts, Ideas, and Religion?’
vclaim-sno-fur-the-queen	In accordance with a requirement of their original Royal Charter, the Hudson's Bay Company of Canada makes annual payments of elk and beaver pelts to the Queen of England.	Canada Company Makes Annual Fur Payments to the Queen
vclaim-sno-furay-drug-charges-father	"""Adorable Drug Kingpin"" Sarah Furay avoided charges due to her father's connection to the DEA."	Sarah Furay Let Off Drug Charges Due to DEA Father?
vclaim-sno-furious-christie-refuses-to-pick-up-trumps-dry-cleaning	Chris Christie was so angry at Donald Trump for picking Mike Pence over him as a running mate that he refused to retrieve Trump's dry cleaning.	Furious Christie Refuses to Pick up Trump’s Dry Cleaning?
vclaim-sno-furry-trout	Photograph shows a fisherman in Wisconsin holding a furry trout he'd caught.	Man Catches Furry Trout in Wisconsin?
vclaim-sno-fuzzy-logic-2	A motorist mistook a Dustbuster vacuum cleaner for a Fuzzbuster radar detection device.	Dustbuster Mistaken for Fuzzbuster
vclaim-sno-fyre-festival-bahamas-chaos	The Fyre Festival was oversold and rapidly descended into chaos, leaving attendees stranded due to its last-minute cancellation.	Luxury ‘Fyre’ Music Festival in the Bahamas Descends Into Chaos?
vclaim-sno-g-w-bush-lost-22-million-e-mails	"The G.W. Bush administration ""lost"" 22 million official e-mails sent and received via private servers between the years 2003 and 2005."	George W. Bush White House ‘Lost’ 22 Million E-mails?
vclaim-sno-ga-senator-counting-pa	Images capture Georgia State Senators counting 2020 general election votes in Pennsylvania	Was Georgia Sen. Elena Parent Counting Votes in PA?
vclaim-sno-gabapentin-newest-prescription-drug-killer	Gabapentin is now considered the most dangerous drug in America and will surpass opioids as the largest prescription drug killer.	Is Gabapentin the Newest Prescription Drug Killer?
vclaim-sno-gabourey-sidibe-death-hoax	"Actor Gabourey Sidibe has died of an ""apparent asthma attack."""	Gabourey Sidibe Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-gabrielle-dahm	A one-year-old girl named Gabrielle Dahm is missing from her home in	Missing Girl: Gabrielle Dahm
vclaim-sno-gabrielle-ludwig	Photographs posted on social media depict transgender college basketball player Gabrielle Ludwig.	Do These Transphobic Posts Show a Transgender College Basketball Player?
vclaim-sno-galapagos-military-air-base	In June 2019, Ecuador's government announced a plan for U.S. military aircraft to use the Galápagos Island of San Cristóbal for refueling.	Did Ecuador Give the U.S. Military Permission to Use Galápagos Island Airfield?
vclaim-sno-gallup-poll-electoral-fraud	Joe Biden's low ranking in a 2020 Gallup 'Most Admired Man' poll is an anomalous result indicative of electoral fraud.	Gallup ‘Most Admired Man’ Poll Not Indicative of Electoral Fraud
vclaim-sno-game-show-question-photo	Photograph shows a 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire' contestant being asked to identify the first letter of the alphabet.	‘First Letter of the Alphabet’ Question Didn’t Appear on ‘Millionaire’
vclaim-sno-gamecube-dog-nose-controllers	Dogs' noses are used to manufacture the thumbsticks on Nintendo GameCube controllers.	Are Video Game Controllers Made from Dogs’ Noses?
vclaim-sno-gander-housed-stranded-passengers	The Newfoundland town of Gander played host to thousands of airline passengers stranded there when American airspace was closed after the September 11 terrorist attacks.	Gander Hosted Stranded 9/11 Passengers
vclaim-sno-gang-malling	The MS-13 gang is planning to murder an innocent victim at the Broadway Mall in Hicksville, NY.	Gang Murder at Broadway Mall
vclaim-sno-ganging-up	All registered motorcycle owners are classified as gang members by the FBI.	All Motorcycle Owners Are Listed as Gang Members in the FBI
vclaim-sno-gap-store-name-origin	The clothing store chain The Gap took its name from an acronym for 'Gay and Proud.'	Are ‘The Gap’ Stores Named for ‘Gay and Proud’?
vclaim-sno-garage-banded	A police officer arrested a DUI suspect in the trooper’s own garage.	Garage Arrest
vclaim-sno-gareth-southgate-waistcoat	"A photograph shows Gareth Southgate wearing a waistcoat with the words ""It's Coming Home"" repeatedly written on it."	Did Gareth Southgate Wear an ‘It’s Coming Home’ Waistcoat?’
vclaim-sno-gargling-eliminate-coronavirus	Gargling with salt water or Vinegar 'eliminate' the COVID-19 coronavirus from the throat of an infected person's system.	Will Gargling with Salt Water or Vinegar ‘Eliminate’ the COVID-19 Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-garland-alert	A woman was robbed at a	Garland Injection Alert
vclaim-sno-garlic-cure-coronavirus	Drinking boiled garlic water will cure COVID-19.	Will Garlic Water Cure Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-garlic-from-china	You can easily identify garlic imported from China due to its lack of visible roots.	Can You Identify Chinese-Grown Garlic from Its Lack of Roots?
vclaim-sno-gary-dourdan-comparison-photo	"A ""now and then"" photograph set shows 'CSI' actor Gary Dourdan before and after heavy drug use."	Do These Photographs Show Gary Dourdan ‘Before and After’?
vclaim-sno-gary-johnson-automatic-weapons	"Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson said ""guns can be made full auto by removing the firing pins."""	Gary Johnson Said Removal of Firing Pins Makes All Guns Fully Automatic?
vclaim-sno-gary-johnson-forget-global-warming	Gary Johnson once said 'global warming is in our future' because 'the sun is going to actually grow and encompass the Earth.'	Gary Johnson: ‘Forget Global Warming Because the Sun Will Envelop Us All One Day’
vclaim-sno-gary-sinise-hillary-clinton-twitter	Actor Gary Sinise posted a witty retort  after Hillary Clinton tweeted a message about gun control.	Gary Sinise Tweets Hillary Clinton About Guns
vclaim-sno-gas-cheaper-president-obama	Gasoline prices have been dramatically lower during the Obama administration than the Bush administration because Obama has no ties to the oil and gas industries.	Is Gasoline Cheaper Under President Obama?
vclaim-sno-gas-for-clunkers	Analysis demonstrates the “Cash for Clunkers” program’s gasoline savings to be an inefficient economic trade-off.	Clunker Math
vclaim-sno-gas-leak-bear-tennessee-home	Utility workers responding to a gas leak in a Tennessee home in late February 2021 found a mother bear and her three cubs denned in the crawl space.	Did a Gas Leak Lead to the Discovery of a Bear Living Under a Tennessee Home?
vclaim-sno-gas-out	Participating in a boycott of selected oil companies will lower gasoline prices.	Selective Gasoline Boycott
vclaim-sno-gas-prices-obama-biden	U.S. gas prices averaged well over $5 per gallon under the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden.	Did US Gas Prices Average $5 Per Gallon Under Obama and Biden?
vclaim-sno-gas-prices-petition	Signing a petition to President Bush will help lower gasoline prices.	Gas Prices Petition
vclaim-sno-gas-station-shuns-serviceman	The gas station next to Higbie Bagels refused to sell tobacco to a serviceman who presented military ID, because the station's owners are anti-military.	Gas Station Shuns Serviceman?
vclaim-sno-gas-thief-mouthful-sewage	A gas-siphoning thief got a mouthful he'll never forget when he tried to drain the wrong tank on an RV.	RV Gas Siphoner Gets Mouthful of Sewage
vclaim-sno-gashouse-lullaby	A babysitter quiets her charges by gassing them.	Quieting Children with Gas
vclaim-sno-gasoline-lice-treatment	Using gasoline is a recommended treatment for getting rid of head and body lice.	Is Gasoline a Recommended Treatment for Getting Rid of Lice?
vclaim-sno-gates-block-sun	"A project funded by Bill Gates ""would help block out the sun."""	Is Bill Gates Funding Efforts To Block The Sun?
vclaim-sno-gates-foundation-building	"A photograph shows the words ""Center for Global Human Population Reduction"" inscribed on a Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation building."	Is ‘Center for Global Human Population Reduction’ Inscribed on a Gates Foundation Building?
vclaim-sno-gates-of-heaven	"Scientists are stumped by a photograph taken by the Hubble Telescope, and some believe it shows ""the gates of heaven."""	‘Gates of Heaven’ Photograph
vclaim-sno-gates-org-kicked-out-of-india	The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation was kicked out of India.	Was the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Kicked Out of India?
vclaim-sno-gator-done	A photograph shows a 28-foot alligator captured in Florida.	28-Ft. Florida Alligator Photograph
vclaim-sno-gatorade-and-comfort	Gatorade was invented by researchers at the University of Florida and named in honor of the Florida Gators, that school’s football team.	Gatorade Origin
vclaim-sno-gatorade-bottles-cap-holder	Gatorade bottles were designed with a built-in cap holder in the bottom.	Were Gatorade Bottles Designed with a Cap Holder on the Bottom?
vclaim-sno-gatorade	Photos show an alligator swimming across a lake with a deer clutched in its jaws.	Gatorade
vclaim-sno-gay-bible	Pink Cross Publishing is about to publish a gay revision of the Bible.	Gay Bible
vclaim-sno-gay-color-ban-indiana-fake	"Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a law banning boys from wearing ""gay"" colors."	Indiana Governor Bans Boys from Wearing Clothes with ‘Gay’ Colors
vclaim-sno-gay-couple-anal-birth	"In 2020, a gay couple celebrated the world's first ""anal birth"" after a woman's ovaries were transplanted into a man."	Did a Gay Couple ‘Celebrate the World’s First Anal Birth’?
vclaim-sno-gay-jesus-film	Jesus and His disciples are going to be portrayed as homosexual in a soon-to-be-released film.	Will Jesus Be Portrayed as Homosexual in an Upcoming Film?
vclaim-sno-gay-lions-mating	Photographs and videos show a pair of gay lions having sex.	Is This a Picture of Gay Lions Mating?
vclaim-sno-gay-men-proud-boys-hashtag	Gay men reclaimed the hashtag #ProudBoys from the white supremacist organization of the same name in order to celebrate LBGTQ love.	Did Gay Men Take Over the #ProudBoys Hashtag on Social Media?
vclaim-sno-gay-prisoners-germany-wwii	Gay men incarcerated in Nazi concentration camps during World War II were forced back into prison even after the Allied forces won that conflict.	Were Gay Concentration Camp Prisoners ‘Put Back in Prison’ After World War II?
vclaim-sno-gay-to-straight	Arizona is implementing a mandatory school program to help homosexual children become straight.	Gay-to-Straight Program in Arizona Schools
vclaim-sno-gaydar-detector	An amendment to Indiana’s Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) requires gay residents to wear a sensor for identification.	Indiana Requiring All Gay Residents to Wear Sensor That Will Trigger Alarm Upon Entering a Store
vclaim-sno-gaylord-perry-home-run	Pitcher Gaylord Perry fulfilled his manager's prophecy by hitting his first home run minutes after Apollo 11 landed on the lunar surface.	Gaylord Perry’s ‘Moon Shot’ Home Run
vclaim-sno-gays-lacing-easter-eggs	An increased number of men have contracted homosexuality after eating ‘pastel colored Easter eggs.’	Are Gays Lacing Easter Eggs with Homosexual-Inducing Food Colorings?
vclaim-sno-gays-not-allowed	Image shows Salvation Army bell ringers posing with a sign reading ‘Gays Not Allowed.’	Salvation Army: Gays Not Allowed
vclaim-sno-geico	GEICO canceled an automobile insurance policy because the policyholder works in the weapons industry.	GEICO
vclaim-sno-gelatin-source	Gelatin is made from the bones, hides, and other parts of animals, including horses.	Is Gelatin Made from Horses’ Hooves?
vclaim-sno-gelt-melt	New Canadian polymer bills melt easily.	Melting Canadian Money
vclaim-sno-gemstone-superstitions	Luck and ill-luck attributed to a variety of gems.	Which Gemstones Are Unlucky?
vclaim-sno-gender-neutral-birth-certificates	New Yorkers can select a gender-neutral option on their birth certificates.	Does New York City Allow Residents to Have ‘Gender-Neutral’ Birth Certificates?
vclaim-sno-gender-neutral-santa-survey	"According to a survey, some 18% of respondents want Santa Claus to be ""gender neutral."""	Did a Survey Reveal That People Want a ‘Gender Neutral’ Santa Claus?
vclaim-sno-gender-pepper	The gender of a bell pepper can be identified by counting its lobes.	Do Bell Peppers Have Genders?
vclaim-sno-gender-trolls	A school district in Lincoln, Nebraska has banned the use of gender pronouns and ordered teachers to use neutral terms such as “purple penguins” instead.	Nebraska School Bans Genders in Favor of ‘Purple Penguins’
vclaim-sno-gene-hoaxman	Actor Gene Hackman has passed away at the age of 85.	Gene Hackman Dead?
vclaim-sno-gene-simmons-cow-tongue	KISS bassist Gene Simmons had a cow's tongue grafted onto his own.	Did Gene Simmons Have a Cow’s Tongue Grafted Onto His Own?
vclaim-sno-general-eaton-iran-deal	"Major General Paul Eaton said President Trump's decertification of an existing nuclear deal with Iran deal ""dishonors America."""	Did Major General Paul D. Eaton Say Trump’s Decertifying Iran Deal ‘Dishonors America’?
vclaim-sno-general-electric	General Electric is moving its	General Electric China Move
vclaim-sno-general-james-mattis-insulted-anti-war-protesters	"Trump's chosen Secretary of Defense, James Mattis, called anti-war protesters ""pussies."""	General James Mattis Insulted Anti-War Protesters
vclaim-sno-general-pershing-stop-islamic-terrorists	U.S. General John J. Pershing effectively discouraged Muslim terrorists in the Philippines by killing them and burying their bodies along with those of pigs.	General Pershing on How to Stop Islamic Terrorists
vclaim-sno-generals-controversial-graduation-speech	A commencement speech by the Commanding Officer of Fort Benning touched off riots that killed 11 people.	General’s Controversial Graduation Speech Sparks Riots, 11 Killed
vclaim-sno-generation-giap	Vietnamese general Vo Nguyen Giap’s memoirs	General Vo Nguyen Giap on the Vietnam War
vclaim-sno-generations-of-valor	Photograph shows a tearful World War II veteran embracing a wounded Marine.	Generations of Valor
vclaim-sno-genetic-testing-bill	HR 1313 would allow employers to force workers to disclose their genetic information	Does H.R. 1313 Require Employees to Submit to Genetic Testing?
vclaim-sno-genpets	The web site Genpets.com sells mass-produced, bioengineered pets.	Genpets
vclaim-sno-gentlemans-guide-amputation	An infographic describing how to amputate a gentleman’s arm is a genuine historical document.	Is This ‘Gentleman’s Guide to Amputation’ Authentic?
vclaim-sno-geocities-confidential	Yahoo has announced it will be shutting down all GeoCities web sites.	GeoCities Closing
vclaim-sno-george-clooney-friends-million	Actor George Clooney once gifted each of his 14 closest friends a suitcase filled with $1 million in cash.	Did George Clooney Give Each of His 14 Best Friends Suitcases Filled with $1 Million?
vclaim-sno-george-clooney-hollywood-trump	"George Clooney once launched a diatribe against Donald Trump, describing the actor's own modest background, accusing Trump of hypocrisy, and saying ""F--- you."""	Did George Clooney Slam Trump and His Talk of a ‘Hollywood Elite’?
vclaim-sno-george-flowbee-clooney	George Clooney regularly cuts his hair with a Flowbee.	Does George Clooney Cut His Hair With A Flowbee?
vclaim-sno-george-floyd-bible	A photograph shows George Floyd holding up a Bible.	Does This Picture Show George Floyd with a Bible?
vclaim-sno-george-floyd-challenge	Using hashtags such as #GeorgeFloydChallenge, white people are taking part in a widespread effort in which they post photos of themselves kneeling on each other's necks to mimic or mock the death of George Floyd, a black man who died after a police officer kneeled on his neck.	Is the ‘George Floyd Challenge’ Real?
vclaim-sno-george-floyd-judge-judy	"George Floyd, the Minneapolis man who died in police custody in May 2020, appeared on ""Judge Judy"" as a teenager."	Did George Floyd Appear on ‘Judge Judy’?
vclaim-sno-george-floyd-valentine	"In mid-February 2021, the Los Angeles Police Department announced an investigation into reports that officers were passing around a photo of George Floyd with the caption, “You take my breath away."""	Are LAPD Officers Under Investigation for Sharing Racist George Floyd ‘Valentine’?
vclaim-sno-george-h-w-bush-lynched-quote	"George H.W. Bush once said: ""If the people were to ever find out what we have done, we would be chased down the streets and lynched."""	Did George H.W. Bush Say He Would Be ‘Lynched’ If Americans Knew the Truth?
vclaim-sno-george-h-w-bush-obituary	Former president George H.W. Bush has passed away at age 94.	Former President George H.W. Bush Has Died
vclaim-sno-george-hw-bush-death-hoax	Former President George H.W. Bush has died of food poisoning.	George H.W. Bush Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-george-lopez-trump-hollywood	A viral video shows George Lopez urinating on President Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in July 2018.	Did Comedian George Lopez Urinate on Donald Trump’s Hollywood Star?
vclaim-sno-george-orwell-people-accomplices	Author George Orwell wrote: “A people that elect corrupt politicians, imposters, thieves and traitors are not victims … but accomplices.”	Did Orwell Write That People Who Elect Corrupt Politicians Are ‘Accomplices’?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-1-8-billion-intercepted	"Billionaire political activist George Soros could go to prison for years because of $1.8 billion in ""intercepted"" campaign contributions to candidates in local district attorney elections."	Is George Soros Facing Prison Over $1.8 Billion in ‘Intercepted’ Campaign Contributions?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-arrested-switzerland	George Soros was arrested in Switzerland in February 2019.	Was George Soros Arrested in Switzerland in February 2019?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-arrested	George Soros was arrested and charged with hate crimes against America.	Was George Soros Arrested for ‘Hate Crimes Against America’?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-bring-down-us	George Soros said that he funded the Black Lives Matter movement because he wanted to 'bring down the United States' and 'the black community is the easiest to manipulate.'	Did Soros Say ‘I’m Going to Bring Down the U.S. by Funding Black Hate Groups’?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-controls-smartmatic-voting-machines-in-16-states	George Soros-controlled Smartmatic manufactures the voting machines used in 16 crucial states, and those states will be rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton.	Are 16 States Using Voting Machines from a ‘Soros-Controlled Company’?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-death-hoax	George Soros was killed in a plane crash while visiting Hungary in March 2017.	George Soros Killed While Visiting His Home Country?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-destroy-united-states	"George Soros said ""I've made my life's mission to destroy the United States. I hate this country and I hate all of the people in it."""	Did George Soros Say His Life’s Mission Is to Destroy the United States?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-indicted-election-hacking	Image depicts George Soros in handcuffs before a judge, facing charges of tampering with voting equipment.	George Soros Indicted for Election Hacking?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-migrant-caravan	The FBI confirmed in October 2018 that billionaire Goerge Soros was funding a migrant caravan.	Did the FBI Confirm George Soros Was Funding the Migrant Caravan?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-one-evil-human	Steve Kroft of CBS' 60 Minutes penned an article critical of George Soros.	George Soros – One Evil Human
vclaim-sno-george-soros-own-parler	Billionaire George Soros owns the conservative social network Parler.	Does Billionaire George Soros Own Parler?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-ss-nazi-germany	During World War II, George Soros was a member of the SS (a Nazi paramilitary organization) or a Nazi collaborator who helped confiscate property from Jews.	Was George Soros an SS Officer or Nazi Collaborator During World War II?
vclaim-sno-george-soros-trump-will-win-popular-vote-by-a-landslide-but-clinton-victory-a-done-deal	Billionaire George Soros predicted Donald Trump will win the popular vote by a landslide but lose to Hillary Clinton because the election is rigged.	George Soros: Trump Will Win Popular Vote by a Landslide but Clinton Victory a ‘Done Deal’
vclaim-sno-george-stinney-execution-exoneration	"The state of South Carolina executed 14-year-old George Stinney in 1944, but a judge from the same court declared his ""innocence"" in 2014."	Did South Carolina Execute 14-Year-Old George Stinney, Then Declare Him Innocent 70 Years Later?
vclaim-sno-george-strait-sexual-harassment	A woman accused musician George Strait of stalking and sexually harassing her when they were in grade school.	Did a Woman Accuse Country Music Star George Strait of Stalking and Sexual Harassment?
vclaim-sno-george-w-bush-endorse-biden	Former U.S. President George W. Bush endorsed Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden.	Did George W. Bush Endorse Biden?
vclaim-sno-george-washington-arms-quote	"U.S. President George Washington said, ""When government takes away citizens' right to bear arms, it becomes citizens' duty to take away government's right to govern."""	Did George Washington Say This About Citizens’ Right to Bear Arms?
vclaim-sno-george-washington-firearms	"George Washington said, ""Firearms stand next in importance to the Constitution itself."""	Did George Washington Say ‘Firearms Stand Next in Importance to the Constitution Itself’?
vclaim-sno-george-washington-gun-quote	"George Washington said that a free people need ""sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence"" from their own government."	Did George Washington Want Citizens Armed Against the Government?
vclaim-sno-george-washington-historic-church-plaque	"Christ Church in Alexandria, Virginia, is ""ripping out"" a plaque dedicated to George Washington because it might offend people."	Is a Virginia Church Ripping Out an ‘Offensive’ George Washington Plaque?
vclaim-sno-george-washington-wooden-teeth	U.S. President George Washington had wooden teeth.	Did George Washington Have Wooden Teeth?
vclaim-sno-george-washingtons-vision	George Washington told of an angel who revealed a prophetic vision of America to him at Valley Forge.	George Washington’s Vision
vclaim-sno-george-zimmerman-found-dead-2	George Zimmerman accidentally shot and killed himself while loading a gun.	George Zimmerman Found Dead After Accidentally Shooting Himself While Loading Gun?
vclaim-sno-george-zimmerman-found-dead	George Zimmerman was found dead in January 2016, several months after a Twitter controversy involving photographs of Trayvon Martin's body.	FALSE: George Zimmerman Found Dead
vclaim-sno-georgia-abortion-law	Georgia's House Bill 481 would, when implemented, leave women open to prosecution for criminal abortion, murder, or second-degree murder for having abortions or miscarriages.	Did Georgia Pass a Law Imposing Severe Criminal Penalties for Abortions and Miscarriages?
vclaim-sno-georgia-ballots-likely-ineligible	"In Fulton County, Georgia, 132,000 ballots are ""highly likely"" to be ineligible."	Are 132K Ballots in Georgia Likely Ineligible?
vclaim-sno-georgia-bans-muslim-culture	"Georgia recently became the first U.S. state to ""ban Muslim culture."""	Did Georgia Become the First State to Ban Muslim Culture?
vclaim-sno-georgia-black-voter-registration	As of October 2018, the office of Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp put on hold 53,000 voter registration applications, nearly 70 percent of them submitted by African Americans.	Did Georgia’s Secretary of State ‘Block’ the Registrations of 53,000 Voters, Most of Them African-American?
vclaim-sno-georgia-black-voters-bus	On 15 October 2018, Jefferson County officials stopped a bus filled with seniors from a county-run senior center from going to vote.	Did Officials in Georgia Stop a Bus Filled with Black Seniors Going to Vote?
vclaim-sno-georgia-dekalb-reject-mail-ballots	Some 40,000 mail-in ballots were rejected in DeKalb County, Georgia, in the 2020 U.S. presidential election.	Did a Georgia County Reject 40K Mail-In Ballots?
vclaim-sno-georgia-food-water-voters-line	In March 2021, Georgia lawmakers were considering a bill that would update existing laws that prohibit offering gifts to voters at polls to explicitly include language that would make giving food or water to voters standing in line a misdemeanor crime, no matter the circumstances.	Would Georgia Bill Expand Ban On Free Food, Water For Voters Waiting in Line?
vclaim-sno-georgia-govenor-gregory-mcmichael	A photograph shows Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp with Gregory McMichael, one of two men charged in the slaying of Ahmaud Arbery.	Is This Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp Pictured With Man Charged in Ahmaud Arbery’s Killing?
vclaim-sno-georgia-guidestones-stolen	The Georgia Guidestones were stolen from their site and then re-erected in New Hampshire.	Were the Georgia Guidestones Stolen and Taken to New Hampshire?
vclaim-sno-georgia-lawmaker-go-back-claim	"Georgia state Rep. Erica Thomas claimed that a Chick-Fil-A employee told her to ""go back"" to her country."	Did a Georgia Lawmaker Claim a Chick-fil-A Employee Told Her to Go Back to Her Country?
vclaim-sno-georgia-livestream-suicide	A 12-year-old girl livestreamed her suicide by hanging.	Did a 12-Year-Old Girl Livestream Her Suicide?
vclaim-sno-georgia-on-my-mind	Georgia held a hearing to determine Barack Obama’s eligibility to appear on that state’s ballot as a presidential candidate.	Barack Obama on Georgia Ballot
vclaim-sno-georgia-police-dog-head	Police in Crawford County, Georgia forced local man Joe Nathan Goodwin, under threat of arrest, to cut off his own dog's head for rabies testing after police fatally shot the dog.	Did Police in Georgia Force a Man to Cut Off His Own Dog’s Head?
vclaim-sno-georgia-primary-election-fraud	A Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Georgia illegally paid for tens of thousands of votes.	Was a Black Woman Who Won a Georgia Primary Arrested for Election Fraud?
vclaim-sno-georgia-raffensperger-brother	"Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger's brother ""works for China."""	Is Trump Right About Brad Raffensperger’s Brother ‘Ron’?
vclaim-sno-georgia-runoff-residency	"Democrats publicly encouraged voters living outside of Georgia to temporarily move to the state and commit ""voter fraud"" by voting in the Georgia runoff."	Were Dems Urged To ‘Fake Residency’ and Vote in Georgia Runoff Election?
vclaim-sno-georgia-signature-audit	A signature audit of absentee ballots in Georgia must be conducted and could overturn the 2020 presidential vote results in that state.	Debunking Trump Tweets: Should Georgia Conduct a Ballot Signature Audit?
vclaim-sno-georgia-state-line-troopers	Georgia state troopers blocked off entrance to their state days before Hurricane Florence made landfall.	Was the Georgia State Line ‘Blocked Off’ Because of Hurricane Florence?
vclaim-sno-georgia-suitcases	Video surveillance footage shows poll workers at Atlanta's State Farm Arena using suitcases to hide ballots from Republican observers on Nov. 3, 2020.	Did Georgia Poll Workers Hide ‘Suitcases’ of Ballots From Republican Observers?
vclaim-sno-georgia-tornado	Photograph shows a tornado that hit Rome, Georgia, in March 2012.	Georgia Tornado
vclaim-sno-georgia-warhead	Amateur scuba divers discovered a long-lost nuclear warhead off the coast of Georgia.	Amateur Divers Find Long-Lost Nuclear Warhead
vclaim-sno-georgian-speekle	"An image shows a ""Georgian Speekle,"" one of the world's scariest insects."	Is This a Giant Insect Called a ‘Georgian Speekle’?
vclaim-sno-gerald-sharon-david-illegal-immigrant-nevada	An unauthorized immigrant shot and killed Gerald and Sharon David in Nevada in January 2019.	Was an Elderly Nevada Couple Shot Dead by an Undocumented Immigrant?
vclaim-sno-geraldo-rivera	Television journalist Geraldo Rivera was born Jerry Rivers but changed his name to appeal to Latino viewers.	Is Geraldo Rivera’s Real Name ‘Jerry Rivers’?
vclaim-sno-gerber-puffs	Parents in Texas found a codeine tablet in a sealed canister of Gerber Puffs.	Did a Parent Find Codeine in Her Child’s Gerber Puffs?
vclaim-sno-german-football-club-banned-failing-give-nazi-salute	A German football club was banned from playing games outside Germany in 1934, after they failed to give a Nazi salute.	Was a German Football Club Banned After Failing to Give a Nazi Salute?
vclaim-sno-german-fuel-protest-image	A photograph shows millions of Germans abandoning their cars in protest over high gasoline prices.	Does a Photograph Show Germans Protesting High Fuel Prices?
vclaim-sno-german-news-trump-nato	A video shows a German newscaster laughing at President Trump's statements at a NATO summit.	Is This How German News Covered President Trump at the NATO Summit?
vclaim-sno-german-police-chainmail	Photographs show German police officers who started wearing chainmail in 2016 due to an increase in refugee stabbing attacks.	Are German Police Wearing Chainmail to Defend Against Refugee Attacks?
vclaim-sno-german-soap-opera-muslim	A scene from a 2006 episode of the soap opera 'Lindenstrasse' is evidence of a German government effort to convince Germans to accept Muslims or become Muslim.	Did the German Government Use a Soap Opera to ‘Brainwash’ Children to Become Muslim?
vclaim-sno-german-tank-shot-down-ufos	"A photograph shows UFO ""kill markings"" on the side of a German World War II anti-aircraft gun."	German Tank Shot Down UFOs?
vclaim-sno-german-village-fingerprint	A photograph shows a village in Germany that resembles a fingerprint in contour.	Is This a German Village Shaped Like a Fingerprint?
vclaim-sno-german-woman-fined-facebook-meme-refugees	A German woman was fined €1,350 for sharing an anti-migrant meme on her Facebook page.	Did a German Woman Get Fined for Sharing a Meme on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-germanely-chocolate-cake	German chocolate cake comes from Germany.	Is German Chocolate Cake Really German?
vclaim-sno-germany-allows-child-marriages	"An image shows a Muslim child bride in Germany, proving Germany is submitting to ""Sharia law."""	Did Germany ‘Fold’ to Sharia Law and Allow Child Marriages?
vclaim-sno-germany-ambassador-grenell	In March 2019, Germany requested the removal of Richard Grenell as U.S. Ambassador to Germany.	Did Germany Request the Removal of U.S. Ambassador Richard Grenell?
vclaim-sno-germany-bans-pork-under-sharia-law	Germany has banned pork from school canteens because it offends Muslim 'migrants.'	Did Germany Ban Pork Under Sharia Law?
vclaim-sno-germany-covid-camps	Germany is planning to put quarantine violators in detention centers and refugee camps.	Is Germany Planning To Put Quarantine Violators in Detention Centers and Refugee Camps?
vclaim-sno-germany-distributes-leaflets-discouraging-rape-cologne-incident	Germany created and distributed leaflets to curb sexual assault due to an incident in Cologne on New Year's Eve.	Did Germany Distribute Leaflets Discouraging Rape After Cologne Incident?
vclaim-sno-get-out-of-the-vote	Election Day is being split across two separate days this year.	Is Voting Split Across 2 Days for Different Parties?
vclaim-sno-get-out-the-vote-2	Google Earth is conducting a vote over whether to identify Israel or Palestine on its maps.	Vote for Israel or Palestine for Google Maps
vclaim-sno-get-out-the-vote	If electors from one-third of the states decline to cast Electoral College ballots, the next U.S. President will be chosen the House of Representatives	How Obama Can Be Stopped in the Electoral College
vclaim-sno-get-shoes-or-die-tryin	Michael Jordan said he doesn't care about kids dying over his shoes.	Michael Jordan on Kids Dying Over His Shoes: ‘Not My Problem’
vclaim-sno-getting-carded	After a 1977 episode of Happy Days aired, the American Library Association reported a nationwide 500% increase in library card applications from children.	Did ‘Happy Days’ Promote a 500% Increase in Library Card Applications?
vclaim-sno-getting-harrierd-away	A jocular Pepsi “offer” obligated them to provide a $33.8 million Harrier jet to a consumer who claimed it for $700,000.	Pepsi Harrier Giveaway
vclaim-sno-getting-the-hang-of-it	A miscreant who attempted to rip off the home of a dead man paid for the crime with his life when the shock of being kicked by the “corpse” was enough to bring on a fatal heart attack.	Faked Hanging
vclaim-sno-getting-the-sack	A traveler spontaneously purchased sack lunches for all the soldiers on his flight.	Sack Lunches — An Unforgettable Flight
vclaim-sno-getting-to-the-church	The lore and customs surrounding getting the betrothed pair to the church.	What are the Legends Around Getting to the Church For Your Wedding?
vclaim-sno-ghana-wedding-clothes-divorce	Ghanaians are allowed to divorce only if they attend court dressed the same clothing they wore when they got married.	Do Ghanaians Have to Wear Their Wedding Clothes to Get Divorced?
vclaim-sno-ghazala-khans-hijab-was-a-political-stunt	Ghazala Khan wore a hijab at the DNC as a political stunt and was depicted alongside President Obama without one in an earlier photograph.	Ghazala Khan’s Hijab Was a Political Stunt
vclaim-sno-ghislaine-maxwell-covid-19	Jeffrey Epstein associate Ghislaine Maxwell has tested positive for COVID-19 in a New Hampshire jail.	No, Ghislaine Maxwell Has Not Tested Positive for COVID-19 in Jail
vclaim-sno-ghislaine-maxwell-jonbenet-ramsey	Ghislaine Maxwell can be seen in the background of the last known photograph of JonBenét Ramsey.	Was Ghislaine Maxwell Photographed with JonBenét Ramsey?
vclaim-sno-ghislaine-maxwell-list	"A list of public figures posted to Facebook was part of an ""unsealed"" list of names kept by Ghislaine Maxwell, who has been charged with facilitating the sexual abuse of minors by Jeffrey Epstein."	Is This Ghislaine Maxwell’s Unsealed ‘List of Names’?
vclaim-sno-ghost-car-commercial	"The makers of a television commercial for a car company were so ""freaked out"" by an apparent ""ghostly"" apparition in the raw footage that the ad was never released."	Does a Never-Aired ‘Ghost Car’ Commercial Depict an Unexplained Supernatural  Event?
vclaim-sno-ghost-on-camera-hallways-ireland-school	A video shows a ghost haunting a hallway at a school in Ireland.	Was a Ghost Caught on Camera in the Hallways of an Irish School?
vclaim-sno-ghost-pirate-marriage	In July 2016, Amanda Teague legally married the spirit of a Haitian pirate who died in the 1700s.	Did an Irish Woman Legally Marry the Ghost of a Pirate From the 1700s?
vclaim-sno-ghost-ship	A ghost ship filled with Ebola-ridden rats is heading towards Florida.	Ghost Ship Filled with Ebola-Ridden Rats Heading for Florida
vclaim-sno-ghost-under-bed	A photograph shows a dead woman who collects the souls of people who don't share her image.	The Ghost Under the Bed
vclaim-sno-ghost-voters-in-29-states	"Hundreds of counties in the U.S. have 1.8 million ""ghost voters"" registered to vote."	Do Hundreds of Counties Have 1.8 Million ‘Ghost Voters’ in the US?
vclaim-sno-ghostly-moth-saves-train	A ghostly figure produced by a moth saved a train from traversing a washed-out bridge.	Ghostly Moth Saves Train
vclaim-sno-ghostly-rescue	The ghost of a woman killed in a car crash directs rescuers to the wreck to save her still-living baby, who is trapped within.	Ghostly Rescue
vclaim-sno-gi-joe	Starbucks refused free product to Marines serving in Iraq, saying the company didn't support the war or anyone taking part in it.	Did Starbucks Refuse Free Product to Marines Serving in Iraq?
vclaim-sno-gianna-bryant-video	"A video shows the ""final hours"" of Kobe Bryant's daughter Gianna in a hospital."	Does This Video Show Gianna Bryant’s ‘Final Hours’?
vclaim-sno-giant-alligator-florida-golf	A video shows a giant alligator walking across a Florida golf course.	Giant Alligator Spotted on Florida Golf Course
vclaim-sno-giant-amethyst-geode-picture	A photograph shows a massive amethyst geode from Uruguay.	Does This Photograph Show a Giant Amethyst Geode?
vclaim-sno-giant-anaconda-caught-trap	A video shows a giant anaconda getting stuck in a trap while trying to eat a chicken.	Does This Video Show a Giant Anaconda Getting Caught in a Trap?
vclaim-sno-giant-fossil-seahorse	A photograph shows a boulder containing remarkably well-preserved, larger-than-human seahorse fossil.	Is This a Giant Seahorse Fossil?
vclaim-sno-giant-george	Photographs show ‘Giant George,’ a 7-foot long Blue Great Dane.	Giant George
vclaim-sno-giant-hogweed-toxicity-warning	The sap of the giant hogweed plant can cause severe skin and eye irritation.	Giant Hogweed Toxicity Warning
vclaim-sno-giant-human-footprints-found-in-china	Photographers recently discovered a gigantic human footprint in rural southwestern China.	Giant Human Footprints Found in China?
vclaim-sno-giant-human-skeleton-photographs	Photographs capture the archeological discovery of skeletal remains of giant humanoids.	Are These Giant Human Skeleton Photographs Real?
vclaim-sno-giant-human-skulls	A photograph shows giant humanoid skulls exposed by an earthquake or torrential rains.	Are These Giant Human Skulls Real?
vclaim-sno-giant-jellyfish	Video and photographs show a 5-foot-long jellyfish.	Do Photos and Video Show a Giant Jellyfish?
vclaim-sno-giant-killer-hornets	Giant mutant killer hornets created by exposure to radiation from the Fukushima nuclear plant have killed several people in Nebraska.	Mutated Fukushima Giant Hornet Responsible For Multiple Nebraska Casualties?
vclaim-sno-giant-manta-ray-photo	A photograph shows a giant manta ray, or devil fish, that was caught in 1933.	Does a Photograph Show a Real Giant Manta Ray?
vclaim-sno-giant-newfoundland-iceberg	A Newfoundland diver snapped an underwater photograph of an enormous iceberg.	Giant Newfoundland Iceberg
vclaim-sno-giant-pythons-discovered-in-salt-creek-in-brown-and-monroe-county-indiana	Giant pythons were discovered in a small creek in Indiana.	Giant Pythons Discovered in Salt Creek in Brown and Monroe County Indiana?
vclaim-sno-giant-rabbit	Photograph shows a 17-lb., 3-foot German Giant rabbit.	Giant Rabbit
vclaim-sno-giant-sea-spider	"Photographs show a new species of ""giant sea spider"" recently discovered in the Antarctic."	Giant Sea Spider
vclaim-sno-giant-sequoia	A Redditor got revenge for the removal of his beloved tree, Clyde, by planting dozens of giant sequoia trees around Redondo Beach.	‘I Secretly Planted a Giant Sequoia Tree in My Mayor’s Front Yard’
vclaim-sno-giant-skeleton-uncovered-saudi-arabia	The skeleton of a giant human was uncovered during gas exploration in Saudi Arabia.	Was a Giant Skeleton Uncovered in Saudi Arabia?
vclaim-sno-giant-squid-found-in-new-zealand	A video shows a 50-foot-long giant squid that washed up on a beach in New Zealand in 2015.	Was a Giant Squid Found Beached in New Zealand?
vclaim-sno-giant-squid-indonesia	A photograph shows an unusually large squid carcass in Indonesia.	Was a Giant Squid Carcass Found in Indonesia?
vclaim-sno-giant-squid-sighting-japan	A giant squid was found in Japan in January 2021.	Was a Giant Squid Found in a Harbor in Japan?
vclaim-sno-giants-in-japan	Top-secret footage shows a giant walking in Japan.	Giants in Japan
vclaim-sno-gift-gators	Alligators given as gifts escape.	Alligators Given as Gifts
vclaim-sno-gigantic-squid	A gigantic squid has washed ashore along the California coastline.	Giant Sea Creature Washes Ashore Along Santa Monica Coastline
vclaim-sno-gillibrand-social-security	U.S. senator Kirsten Gillibrand called for taxpayers to fund Social Security benefits for undocumented immigrants.	Did Kirsten Gillibrand Call for Taxpayer-Funded Social Security for Undocumented Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-gimmegrants-train-photo	A meme contrasts the attitudes of two different sets immigrants to the U.S.	Immigrants vs. ‘Gimmegrants’
vclaim-sno-gina-haspel-found-dead	CIA Director Gina Haspel was found dead in November 2020.	Was Gina Haspel Found Dead in November 2020?
vclaim-sno-ginger-baker-beats-burglars-senseless-sodomizes-one-with-walking-stick	Drummer Ginger Baker sodomized a burglar with his cane after catching him in his house.	Ginger Baker Beats Burglars Senseless, Sodomizes One With Walking Stick?
vclaim-sno-gingrich-donald-trump-essay	"Newt Gingrich wrote an essay entitled ""Understanding Donald Trump."""	Newt Gingrich Wrote an Essay Called ‘Understanding Donald Trump’
vclaim-sno-ginni-thomas-buses	"Virginia ""Ginni"" Thomas, wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, sponsored 80 buses to transport participants to the ""Save America"" rally on Jan. 6, 2021."	Did Clarence Thomas’ Wife Ginni Sponsor 80 Buses to Capitol Riots?
vclaim-sno-ginsburg-and-jefferson-constitution	A meme contrasts viewpoints on the U.S. Constitution expressed by Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Thomas Jefferson.	What Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Thomas Jefferson Say About the Constitution?
vclaim-sno-ginsburg-eisenhowers-term	Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that she was mentally fit enough to serve through the end of President Eisenhower's term.	Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Say ‘I Am Mentally Fit Enough to Serve Through the End of President Eisenhower’s Term?’
vclaim-sno-ginsburg-taken-to-hospital-unresponsive	Supereme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been rushed to a hospital in an unresponsive state.	Ruth Bader Ginsburg Taken to Hospital Unresponsive?
vclaim-sno-ginsburg-wish-replaced-trump	"As transcribed by her granddaughter, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said: ""My most fervent wish is that I will not be replaced until a new president is installed."""	Did Ginsburg Say Her ‘Most Fervent Wish’ Was Not To Be Replaced by Trump?
vclaim-sno-giraffe-challenge	Participating in the Facebook “giraffe challenge” will infect your computer and give hackers access to your account.	Facebook Giraffe Challenge
vclaim-sno-girl-700-year-old-coin	U.K. authorities showed up at a girl’s door right after she found a rare 700-year-old coin.	Did Authorities Show Up after a Girl Found a 700-Year-Old Coin?
vclaim-sno-girl-dies-gardasil-hpv-vaccine	A 12-year-old Wisconsin girl in died as a result of receiving the Gardasil HPV vaccine.	Wisconsin Girl Dies as a Result of Receiving Gardasil HPV Vaccine
vclaim-sno-girl-disconnect-life-support-plug-in-charger	A young girl disconnected her grandfather's life support in order to charge her mobile phone.	Did a Young Girl Disconnect her Grandfather’s Life Support to Plug in her Phone’s Charger?
vclaim-sno-girl-forced-child-marriage-meme	A photograph shows a 7-year-old girl forced into marriage by Muslims.	Does This Photograph Show a Girl Forced Into Child Marriage by Muslims?
vclaim-sno-girl-playing-ping-pong	A video shows a talented young child playing table tennis.	Is This Video of a Talented Young Girl Playing Ping-Pong Real?
vclaim-sno-girl-scout-cookies-planned-parenthood	The proceeds of Girl Scout Cookies are used to support Planned Parenthood.	Do Girl Scout Cookie Proceeds Fund Planned Parenthood?
vclaim-sno-girl-scout-troop-homeless-girls	Girl Scout Troop 6000 is a troop specially designed to serve girls living in the New York shelter system whose families are experiencing homelessness.	Is Girl Scout Troop 6000 Composed of Girls in the New York City Shelter System?
vclaim-sno-girl-scouts-award-abortion	"In late 2018 or early 2019, the Girl Scouts of the USA gave a Tucson, Arizona, member the ""Gold Award"" for a project that promoted abortion."	Did the Girls Scouts Give Their ‘Highest Award’ to a Girl for Her Pro-Choice Activism?
vclaim-sno-girl-scouts-congratulate-barrett	A now-deleted tweet was shared by the Girl Scouts of the United States of America on Oct. 28, 2020, congratulating Barrett on “becoming the fifth woman appointed to the Supreme Court since its inception in 1789.”	Did the Girl Scouts Congratulate Amy Coney Barrett on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-girl-shot-at-standing-rock	An 11-year-old girl was shot and killed by a police sniper at the Standing Rock pipeline protest site but the media covered up news of it.	Girl Shot by Police Sniper at Standing Rock Protest
vclaim-sno-girls-aloud	Photograph shows Girls Aloud posing at the Disney Kids Awards with removed underwear.	Girls Aloud
vclaim-sno-girls-impregnated-swimming-in-pool	Sixteen girls were impregnated after a boy ejaculated in a swimming pool.	Were 16 Girls Impregnated After a Teenager Ejaculated in a Pool?
vclaim-sno-girls-life-vs-boys-life-magazine-covers	"The September 2016 issue of ""Boys' Life"" explores future careers and personal development, but the same month's issue of ""Girls' Life"" features articles about how to be pretty, showing a disparity in the way the media treats boys and girls."	Girls’ Life vs. Boys’ Life Magazine Covers
vclaim-sno-girls-shower-with-boys-ruling	"In 2019, a U.S. District Court judge ruled that girls in an Illinois school district ""must shower with boys"" and had no right to privacy."	Did a Judge Rule That High School Girls Must Shower With Boys?
vclaim-sno-girls-trump-tshirts-rally	"A photograph shows two girls wearing ""Fuck Trump"" shirts."	Are These Girls Wearing ‘F*ck Trump’ Shirts?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-fart-hearing	A video captures U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani farting during an election fraud hearing in Michigan.	Did Giuliani Audibly Fart During a Michigan Hearing?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-jake-angeli-capitol-riot	A photograph shows Rudy Giuliani with Jake Angeli, who took part in the U.S. Capitol riot wearing horns.	Was Giuliani Photographed with Capitol Rioter Jake Angeli?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-misattributes-quote	"Paul Revere or Patrick Henry said, ""Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their party."""	Giuliani Misattributes Quote to 2 Different Patriots on Election Day
vclaim-sno-giuliani-quotes-trump-case	"Rudy Giuliani made notable remarks involving the word ""opacity,"" Mickey Mouse, and ""strict scrutiny"" during oral arguments in a Trump campaign court case."	Did Giuliani Say These Things in Trump Campaign’s Pennsylvania Court Case?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-rally-speech	"U.S. President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Rudy Giuliani, called for ""trial by combat"" before a violent mob of Trump supporters broke into the U.S. Capitol."	Did Rudy Giuliani Call for ‘Trial by Combat’ Before Trump Mob Broke Into Capitol?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-sex-animals-covid	"U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani tweeted that it was ""likely that all these people that have contracted the China Virus got it from having sex with barnyard animals."""	Did Giuliani Tweet That Sex With Barnyard Animals Was Spreading COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-giuliani-wuhan-lab-tweet	Rudy Giuliani correctly tweeted that a research lab in Wuhan, China, got a $3.7 million grant from the U.S. in 2017 despite a ban on such funding.	Did Giuliani Correctly Tweet That Wuhan Lab Got $3.7M from US in 2017?
vclaim-sno-give-and-take	Message details requirements of the GIVE (Generations Invigorating Volunteerism and	Obama Youth Brigade
vclaim-sno-give-that-catatonic	Things go awry when a tranquilizer given a cat doesn’t perform as expected.	Drugged Cat
vclaim-sno-gladys-baker-morris-paternity	Gladys Baker Morris presented a paternity action lawsuit claiming that she was the biological daughter of Marilyn Monroe and President John F. Kennedy.	Is Gladys Baker Morris the Daughter of JFK and Marilyn Monroe?
vclaim-sno-glass-shards-sandwich-officer	A police officer was intentionally served a sandwich containing glass shards at a restaurant in Ohio.	Officer Hospitalized After Being Served Sandwich Containing Glass Shards
vclaim-sno-glass-water-oil-heat	A video shows a glass jar being cut with nothing more than water, oil and heat.	Cutting Glass
vclaim-sno-glitter-spray-mishap	A woman mistakenly used her daughter's glitter spray instead of feminine deodorant in preparation for a visit to the gynecologist.	Did a Woman Mistakenly Use Glitter Spray Instead of Feminine Deodorant?
vclaim-sno-global-sea-ice-at-a-record-breaking-low	Daily sea ice data from 1979 to the present show a record-breaking low amount of global sea ice coverage beginning around October 2016.	Global Sea Ice at a Record-Breaking Low
vclaim-sno-global-warming-data-faked	NASA and NOAA faked climate data in the GISTEMP global temperature record to exaggerate global warming.	Was Global Warming Data ‘Faked’ to ‘Fit Climate Change Fictions’?
vclaim-sno-glove-thy-neighbor	Photographs show a cactus vent cover resembling an extended middle finger installed by a homeowner to get back at his neighbors.	Does This Cactus-Themed Vent Cover Display a ‘Middle Finger’?
vclaim-sno-glow-cat-glow	Pet owners face yet another hazard: radioactive kitty litter.	Radioactive Cat Litter
vclaim-sno-glowing-firefly-trees	"Dutch scientists literally created glow-in-the-dark trees by inserting genetic material from fireflies, making them ""eco-friendly outdoor nightlights."""	Are Scientists ‘Literally Creating Glow-in-the-Dark Trees’ With Firefly DNA?
vclaim-sno-gm-gas-free-2035	GM announced plans to stop making gasoline-powered vehicles by 2035.	Did GM Announce They Would Stop Making Gas-Powered Vehicles by 2035?
vclaim-sno-gmo-better-blues	Kraft Macaroni & Cheese products carry a warning label due to their use of GMO wheat.	Kraft Macaroni & Cheese Made with GMO Wheat?
vclaim-sno-gmoverdose	Doctors have confirmed that consumption of genetically modified tomatoes killed a man.	Doctors Confirm First Human Death Officially Caused by GMOs
vclaim-sno-go-ask-alice-2	The personalities of the dwarf characters in Disney's animated film version of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs represent the seven stages of cocaine addiction.	Dwarfs on Drugs
vclaim-sno-go-ask-alice	The book Go Ask Alice was the real-life diary of a teenage girl.	Go Ask Alice
vclaim-sno-goal-line-powder	Mysterious white powdery substance on a football field is revealed to be the goal line.	Goal Line Powder
vclaim-sno-goalkeeper-lost-in-fog	A photograph shows a goalie who stayed on the field for 15 minutes not knowing that a soccer match had been canceled due to heavy fog.	Is This Soccer Goalkeeper ‘Lost in the Fog’?
vclaim-sno-gobble-trouble	Millions of Thanksgiving turkeys have been recalled due to avian flu.	Millions of Thanksgiving Turkeys Recalled: Is Your Family Safe?
vclaim-sno-god-39s-chorus-of-crickets	A slowed-down recording of crickets chirping sounds like a human chorus.	God ‘s Chorus of Crickets
vclaim-sno-god-bows-down-trump-sign	"A photograph shows a real a Trump 2020 campaign sign bearing the legend ""God Bows Down to President Donald J Trump — Declares 'He Is Perfect.'"""	Is This ‘God Bows Down to Trump’ Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-god-gets-an-a	Faced with a difficult exam question, a student scribbles “God only knows” as his answer.	God Gets an ‘A’
vclaim-sno-god-rest-ye-merry-gentlemen	"The opening line of the Christmas carol ""God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen"" means ""God make you mighty, gentlemen."""	What Does ‘God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen’ Mean?
vclaim-sno-god-save-the-queen	Canadian banknotes once included an image resembling a grinning devil behind Queen Elizabeth’s ear.	1954 Canadian Devil’s Head Banknote
vclaim-sno-god-slick	Jefferson Airplane singer Grace Slick named her daughter ‘god.’	Did Grace Slick Name Her Child ‘God’?
vclaim-sno-god-turtle-image	"A photograph shows markings on a turtle's shell that resemble the word ""God."""	Is a Photograph of the So-Called ‘God Turtle’ Real?
vclaim-sno-godfather-horse-head	The horse's head that appeared in an iconic scene in the film The Godfather was real.	Was the Horse’s Head in ‘The Godfather’ Real?
vclaim-sno-godly-gauntlet	Pope Francis said evolution and the Big Bang theory are compatible with the Bible and religious belief.	TRUE: Pope Francis Praises Evolution and Big Bang Theory
vclaim-sno-gods-hands	Photograph shows God’s hands in a cloud formation.	The Hands of God
vclaim-sno-gods-painting	Photograph shows a flower-splashed hillside in California.	Is the Flower-Splashed Hillside in ‘God’s Painting’ Real?
vclaim-sno-goebbels-intellectuals-yield-stronger	"Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels said that ""intellectuals would never be converted and would anyway always yield to the stronger."""	Did Goebbels Say Intellectuals ‘Would Always Yield to the Stronger’?
vclaim-sno-goes-around-litigates-around	A man sued himself and was awarded $300,000 (paid by his insurance company) after he injured himself with a boomerang.	Did a Man Sue Himself After Being Hit by His Boomerang?
vclaim-sno-gofundme-border-wall	A GoFundMe campaign raised millions of dollars for the construction of a border wall within a few days of its launch in December 2018.	Did a GoFundMe Campaign to Fund a Border Wall Raise Millions of Dollars Within a Few Days?
vclaim-sno-gohmert-tooth-fall-out	A video shows U.S. Rep. Louie Gohmert's tooth falling out during a live news conference.	Did US Rep. Gohmert Lose a Tooth on Live TV?
vclaim-sno-going-native	Sarah Palin said that “Thanksgiving is for real Americans, not Indians.”	Sarah Palin: ‘Thanksgiving is for Real Americans Not Indians’
vclaim-sno-going-postal-3	Video clip shows a Russian ‘Candid Camera’ style mailbox prank gone horribly awry.	Hidden Camera Surprise
vclaim-sno-going-postal	Franchised postal center outlets may charge more for mailing items than official postal service rates.	Do Franchised Postal Centers Charge Higher Rates for Sending Mail?
vclaim-sno-gold-member	A gang member died after trying to gold plate his genitals.	Gang Member Gold Plates Genitals, Dies
vclaim-sno-gold-tongued-mummies-egypt	In late January 2021, archaeologists excavating a burial site in Egypt announced they had unearthed mummies with golden tongues.	Were Gold-Tongued Mummies Discovered in Egypt?
vclaim-sno-goldberg-pirro-view-spat	"Whoopi Goldberg called Judge Jeanine  Pirro a ""sand n***er"" after the latter's appearance on 'The View.'"	Did Whoopi Goldberg Call Judge Jeanine  Pirro a ‘Sand N***er?’
vclaim-sno-golden-corral	Video shows Golden Corral restaurant storing food in an outdoor trash enclosure.	Golden Corral
vclaim-sno-golden-gate-bridge-opening	A photograph shows pedestrians swarming the Golden Gate Bridge during its 1937 opening ceremony.	Is This a Photo of the Golden Gate Bridge’s 1937 Opening?
vclaim-sno-golden-state-fence-border-wall	The Golden State Fence Company was fined $5 million for hiring workers without documentation to build a border wall.	Was the Golden State Fence Company Fined $5 Million for Hiring Undocumented Workers to Build a Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-golden-ticket-arrest	Two people in Florida were arrested for selling golden tickets to heaven.	Was a Couple Arrested for Selling Golden Tickets to Heaven?
vclaim-sno-golden-trump-statue-cpac	A video shows a golden statue of former U.S. President Donald Trump at CPAC 2021.	Was a Golden Trump Statue Spotted at CPAC?
vclaim-sno-goldfinger-actress-death	The actress who portrayed Jill Masterson in the James Bond film Goldfinger died from asphyxiation after being covered with gold paint.	Did an Actress Die During the Filming of ‘Goldfinger’?
vclaim-sno-goldie-hawn-kurt-russell-trump	Actors Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell were spotted wearing Donald Trump campaign shirts.	Is This a Photograph of Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell in Donald Trump Campaign Shirts?
vclaim-sno-goldman-sachs-arrested-fbi	The entire Goldman Sachs executive board was arrested by the FBI.	Entire Goldman Sachs Executive Board Arrested by FBI
vclaim-sno-goldwater-girl	"In 1964, Hillary Clinton campaigned and voted for Barry Goldwater, who promised to overturn the Civil Rights Act and ""re-segregate"" America."	Goldwater Girl
vclaim-sno-golfing-robot-hit-a-hole-in-one	A video shows a golfing robot hitting a hole-in-one.	Did This Golf Robot Hit a Hole-in-One?
vclaim-sno-golfing-trump-election-results	U.S. President Donald Trump was golfing when Joe Biden was projected as the winner of the 2020 presidential election.	Was Trump Golfing When the 2020 Presidential Election Was Called?
vclaim-sno-goliath-spider	A puppy-sized spider was spotted in the South American rainforest.	Goliath Birdeater Spider Spotted in Rainforest
vclaim-sno-gone-blonde	A study undertaken by the World Health Organization concluded that natural blondes are likely to be extinct within	Blonde Extinction
vclaim-sno-good-friday-etymology	"The name of the Christian holy day known as ""Good Friday"" derives from the term ""God's Friday."""	What’s Good About Good Friday?
vclaim-sno-good-grief	Sarah Palin confused the French satirical magazine	Sarah Palin: Why Do Muslims Hate Charlie Brown?
vclaim-sno-good-luck-mr-gorsky	"Neil Armstrong cryptically uttered ""Good luck, Mr. Gorsky"" as he first stepped onto the moon"	Good Luck, Mr. Gorsky!
vclaim-sno-goodbye-girl	The United States is returning the Statue of Liberty to France.	Say Goodbye to the Statue of Liberty
vclaim-sno-goodwill-california-fires	Goodwill offered free clothing, blankets and toiletries to anyone fleeing the November 2018 California wildfires, throughout the state.	Did Goodwill Offer Free Supplies to Wildfire Victims Throughout California?
vclaim-sno-goodwill-executives-arrested	Goodwill executives were arrested in February 2020 on suspicion of stealing donated goods for years.	Were Goodwill Execs Arrested After Years of Skimming Donated Goods Off the Top?
vclaim-sno-goofy-cow-or-dog	The Disney cartoon character Goofy was modeled after a breed of Scottish cow.	Is Disney’s Goofy Character Actually a Cow?
vclaim-sno-google-any-3-digits-new-cases	"Searching for any three-digit number followed by ""new cases"" on Google provides evidence that the COVID-19 pandemic was manufactured."	Does Googling Any 3-Digit Number Followed by ‘New Cases’ Reveal COVID-19 Conspiracy?
vclaim-sno-google-clinton-epstein	Google removed images of Bill Clinton with Jeffrey Epstein from their search results.	Did Google Remove Photos of Bill Clinton with Jeffrey Epstein from Search Results?
vclaim-sno-google-define-parasite-capitalist	"Google has defined the word ""parasite"" as a ""capitalist."""	Does Google Define ‘Parasite’ as a ‘Capitalist’?
vclaim-sno-google-doodle-ramadan-easter	There is an official Google Doodle commemorating Ramadan, but not one for the holiday of Easter.	Was a Google Doodle Created for Ramadan But Not for Easter?
vclaim-sno-google-exec-rigging-trump	"Google CFO ""Martin Brailey"" admitted that the online giant was rigging search results against President Trump."	Did a Google Exec Admit to Rigging Search Results Against Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-google-manipulate-hillary-clinton	A video documents search engine Google manipulating results in favor of Hillary Clinton.	Does This Video Document Google Manipulating Searches for Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-google-maps-body-disposal	A Google Maps image captured a furtive corpose disposal.	Is a Dead Body Visible at Google Maps 52.376552,5.198303?
vclaim-sno-google-maps-show-republicans	"A new Google Maps update introduced a ""show Republicans"" feature."	Did Google Maps Introduce a ‘Show Republicans’ Feature?
vclaim-sno-google-orlando-pulse-shooting-advance	Google News carried an Atlanta Sun Times article about the Orlando shooting several hours prior to the incident.	Google News Reported Orlando Pulse Shooting Hours in Advance
vclaim-sno-google-result-for-trap-shows-liberal-agenda	"Google's definition for the word ""trap"" includes an example sentence about demonstrators and police."	Google Result for ‘Trap’ Shows Liberal Agenda?
vclaim-sno-google-self-driving-bicycle	A video shows a 'self-driving bicycle' created by Google.	Google’s Self-Driving Bike
vclaim-sno-google-sotu-promotion	Google failed to promote President Trump's State of the Union address on their homepage despite having done so for the previous administration.	Did Google Fail to Promote President Trump’s State of the Union Address?
vclaim-sno-google-witness	A Google Maps image captured a man shooting a child in Chicago.	Google Maps Image Captured a Shooting in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-goose-puppy-warm	Photographs show a bird warming a frozen puppy in Montana.	Did This Bird Keep a Puppy Warm in Montana?
vclaim-sno-gop-delayed-iran-prisoner-release-election	Republicans attempted to stall the release of American prisoners held in Iran in a failed 'October Surprise' ploy.	GOP Delayed Iran Prisoner Release for Election?
vclaim-sno-gop-obamacare-repeal-election	The Congressional seats of almost three dozen Republicans who voted to repeal Obamacare were lost to Democrats in 2018.	Did 33 Republicans Who Voted to Repeal Obamacare Lose Their Congressional Seats?
vclaim-sno-gop-russian-state-tv	Images of GOP lawmakers were featured during a Channel 1 Russia broadcast on recently lifted sanctions.	Did Russian State TV Thank GOP Lawmakers for Lifting Sanctions?
vclaim-sno-gop-tax-bill-fetal-personhood-legislation	The 2017 GOP tax overhaul plan includes language that attempts to codify “fetal personhood.”	Does the GOP Tax Bill Introduce Anti-Abortion “Fetal Personhood” Legislation?
vclaim-sno-gop-tax-plan-include-tax-cut-private-jet-owners	The Senate GOP tax reform bill includes a tax cut for private jet owners.	Does the GOP Tax Plan Include a Tax Cut for Private Jet Owners?
vclaim-sno-gordon-ramsay-entire-staff-take-knee-refuse-serve-miami-dolphins	"Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay directed his entire staff to ""take a knee"" and refuse service to Miami Dolphins players over national anthem protests against police brutality."	Gordon Ramsay Has Entire Staff Take a Knee, Refuse to Serve Miami Dolphins?
vclaim-sno-gorilla-knitting	A photograph shows a gorilla knitting itself a scarf.	Did This Gorilla Learn How to Knit?
vclaim-sno-gorsuch-unanimously-confirmed-2006	Judge Neil Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006.	Was Neil Gorsuch Unanimously Confirmed in 2006?
vclaim-sno-got-another-friend-request-facebook-warning	"A warning about ""another friend request"" alerts Facebook users about potential account ""cloning."""	‘Got Another Friend Request from You’ Facebook Warning
vclaim-sno-got-insurance	Images show advertisements intended to encourage young people to sign up for health insurance coverage.	Got Insurance?
vclaim-sno-government-buries-weather-modification-news	The government buried news of weather modification in the classifieds section of a small newspaper.	Government Buries Weather Modification News?
vclaim-sno-government-eliminating-test-strip-subsidy-for-diabetics	The government is eliminating a subsidy that helps diabetics acquire blood glucose test strips.	Government Eliminating Test Strip Subsidy for Diabetics?
vclaim-sno-government-hotline	The toll-free phone number for the “Obamacare national call center” spells out a crude phrase.	Obamacare National Call Center
vclaim-sno-government-mlk-assassination	The U.S. government was sued and found culpable for the murder of Martin Luther King, Jr., but the news media refused to report it.	Was the U.S. Government Found Guilty of Assassinating Martin Luther King, Jr.?
vclaim-sno-government-poison-10000-americans	In 1926, the federal government poisoned alcohol to curb consumption during Prohibition; by the time Prohibition ended in 1933, an estimated 10,000 people had died from this poisoning.	Did the U.S. Government Purposely Poison 10,000 Americans During Prohibition?
vclaim-sno-government-ship-plutonium-nevada	The U.S. Department of Energy failed to notify lawmakers and officials in Nevada before shipping one-half metric ton of weapons-grade plutonium there.	Did the U.S. Government Ship Plutonium to Nevada Without Telling Lawmakers?
vclaim-sno-government-to-microchip-citizens	"H.R. 4919, passed on 8 December 2016, allows the microchipping of ""mentally disabled"" citizens such as patients with autism and Alzheimer's disease."	Did Congress Pass a Bill Allowing the Government to Microchip Citizens with ‘Mental Disabilities’?
vclaim-sno-government-tracking-device-cars	"A photograph shows a type of ""government tracking device"" used on automobiles."	Is This a ‘Government Tracking Device’ for Automobiles?
vclaim-sno-governor-of-georgia-kkk	"Georgia Gov. Clifford Walker said at a 1924 Ku Klux Klan meeting that  he'd ""build a wall of steel"" against immigrants."	Did Clifford Walker Say at a 1924 KKK Rally That He Would Build a ‘Wall of Steel’ Against Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-governors-pelosi-impeach	In May 2019, a conference of U.S. governors voted to impeach U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, setting the table for her removal from office.	Did State Governors ‘Vote to Impeach’ U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-gowdy-covid19	Former U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy penned a text suggesting that COVID-19 was part of a conspiracy against U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Former U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy Suggest COVID-19 Was a Conspiracy Against Trump?
vclaim-sno-gowdy-custody-investigators-missing	Trey Gowdy was forced into protective custody after two people investigating Hillary Clinton went missing.	Was Trey Gowdy Forced Into Protective Custody After Two Investigators Went Missing?
vclaim-sno-gowdy-pence-2020	Vice President Mike Pence will be stepping down from the GOP ticket in 2020 to run for a U.S. Senate seat in Indiana.	Is Trey Gowdy Replacing Mike Pence on the 2020 GOP Ticket?
vclaim-sno-goya-ceo-praise-trump	"In a July 2020 press conference, Goya Foods CEO Robert Unanue said, ""We are all truly blessed"" to have a leader like Donald Trump, leading to online calls for a boycott of the company’s products."	Did Goya Foods’ CEO Praise Trump?
vclaim-sno-gps-burglary	Thieves use information gleaned from GPS devices stolen from cars parked at public events to locate homes to burgle.	GPS Burglary
vclaim-sno-grab-and-go-code-chalkers	"Police have cracked a ""housebreakers' code"" by which cars or homes are marked with white Xs or other symbols for later crimes."	Are These Symbols Part of a Burglars’ Code?
vclaim-sno-grab-bag	Purses are stolen from shopping carts when their owners are distracted.	Shopping Cart Purse Theft
vclaim-sno-grace-under-fire	Crime anchor Nancy Grace has been arrested for murder.	Nancy Grace Arrested for Murder
vclaim-sno-graco	Baby products company Graco took its name from an acronym for “God Rewards All Christian Organizations.”	Graco Name
vclaim-sno-grade-expectations	A standard college regulation specifies that a student whose roommate commits suicide automatically receives a 4.0 grade point average for the current school term.	Does a Student Whose Roommate Commits Suicide Receive a 4.0 GPA?
vclaim-sno-graffiti-artist-banksy-arrested-london-identity-revealed	British street artist Banksy was arrested by London police and publicly identified.	Graffiti Artist Banksy Arrested in London; Identity Revealed
vclaim-sno-graham-buttigieg-repent	"Evangelist Franklin Graham tweeted that Pete Buttigieg's homosexuality was ""something to be repentant of, not something to be flaunted."""	Did Franklin Graham Call on Pete Buttigieg to ‘Repent’ for Being Gay?
vclaim-sno-graham-christian-death-camps	Evangelist Franklin Graham warned Christians that they would face death camps if they didn't support Donald Trump.	Graham Says Christians Must Support Trump or Face Death Camps
vclaim-sno-graham-cracker-origins	Graham crackers were named for a man who believed unhealthy diet led to sexual excess.	The Origin of Graham Crackers
vclaim-sno-graham-impeachment-obstruction	Lindsey Graham once said President Richard Nixon made himself subject to impeachment the day he failed to answer a congressional subpoena.	Did Lindsey Graham Really Say This in 1998 About Presidential Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-grambo	A gun-toting Australian granny blew the testicles off the two men who raped her granddaughter.	Did a ‘Gun-Toting Granny’ Shoot Two Rapists’ Testicles Off?
vclaim-sno-grand-fold-flag	The folding of a U.S. flag traditionally incorporates thirteen separate folds because each of the folds has a special meaning.	Why Are U.S. Flags Folded 13 Times?
vclaim-sno-grand-jest-auto	A well-guarded car proves not to be so well guarded after all when it’s found one morning turned around in its parking spot, sporting a “If we want it, we’ll take it” note from the mischievous thieves.	Theft of Well-Guarded Car
vclaim-sno-grand-theft-auto-reply	Thieves are stealing computer lists of “out of office” auto-replies to target homes for burglary.	Auto Reply Thefts
vclaim-sno-grand-theft-beatles	During the Beatles' first appearance on 'The Ed Sullivan Show', crime rates plummeted all over the U.S.	Did Crime Rates Plummet When the Beatles Debuted on ‘Ed Sullivan’?
vclaim-sno-grandfather-clocked	Invited houseguests cannot be required to leave a home thanks to the “grandfather clause.”	Houseguests Grandfather Clause
vclaim-sno-grandma-eats-baby-bath-salts	A woman ate her grandchild after smoking bath salts.	Grandma Eats Her Daughter’s New Born Baby After Smoking Bath Salts
vclaim-sno-grandma-goes-to-court	Old lady responds to prosecutor’s query about knowing him with scathing analysis of his character.	Grandma Goes to Court
vclaim-sno-grandmas-cooking-secret	A bride finally questions why her mother cuts the ends off of roasts before cooking them.	Grandma’s Cooking Secret
vclaim-sno-grandmother-with-ak-47-saves-cops	79-year-old Wendy Robinson of Los Angeles came to the rescue of two LAPD officers with her AK-47 assault rifle when they were attacked by gang members.	Did a Grandmother with AK-47 Save Cops Being Attacked by a Street Gang?
vclaim-sno-grandpa-obama	President Obama's daughter Malia is pregnant.	President Obama’s Daughter Malia Confirmed Pregnant?
vclaim-sno-grandparents-to-get-all-their-grandchildren-every-weekend	President Obama passed a law requiring grandparents to pick up pick up their grandchildren every weekend.	Grandparents to ‘Get All Their Grandchildren Every Weekend’
vclaim-sno-grant-next-civil-war	"U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant predicted that the next civil war would be ""between patriotism and intelligence on one side, and superstition, ambition, and ignorance on the other."""	Did Ulysses S. Grant Predict This About the Next Civil War?
vclaim-sno-grape-expectations	Account describes a customer purchasing a single grape to obtain cash back from an EBT card.	2 Cents for a Grape
vclaim-sno-grape-ice-cream	The FDA has banned the sale of grape-flavored ice cream in the U.S. due to pet-related hazards.	Why Can’t You Buy Grape Ice Cream?
vclaim-sno-grape-juice-prevent-stomach-flu	Drinking a glass of grape juice three times a day after being exposed to the stomach flu will prevent you from getting sick.	Grape Juice Prevents Stomach Flu?
vclaim-sno-grapes-and-raisins-harmful-to-dogs	The ingestion of raisins or grapes can produce acute renal failure in dogs.	Are Raisins and Grapes Toxic to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-grave-concerns	The ACLU is seeking to have cross-shaped headstones removed from federal cemeteries.	ACLU and Cemetery Headstones
vclaim-sno-grave-statement-2	Photographs show an 1890 gravestone with an anti-Democratic epitaph.	Does This Photograph Show an Anti-Democratic Gravestone?
vclaim-sno-grave-words	John Kerry made disparaging remarks after viewing Ronald Reagan's casket as the former president's body lay in repose at his presidential library.	John Kerry Insults Ronald Reagan’s Memory
vclaim-sno-graviola-cancer-cure	The fruit from the graviola tree is a miraculous natural cancer cell killer.	Graviola Cancer Cure
vclaim-sno-gravity-payments-ceo-rent-house	Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price rented his house in order to make ends meet after taking a $900,000 pay cut and raising the minimum salary at his company to $70,000.	Did Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price Have to Rent His House to Make Ends Meet?
vclaim-sno-gray-death	"A dangerous new drug known as ""gray death"" can kill through the air and skin contact."	Can the New Drug ‘Gray Death’ Be Transmitted Through the Air?
vclaim-sno-gray-wolves-endangered-trump	In October 2020, the U.S. Department of the Interior removed gray wolves from the Endangered Species Act, returning management and protection of the species to states and tribes.	Did Gray Wolves Lose Federal Protections Under Trump Administration?
vclaim-sno-great-lakes-crossing-human-trafficking-rumor	Human traffickers are targeting young girls near the Great Lakes Crossing theater with a powdered drug that incapacitates them.	Great Lakes Crossing Human Trafficking Rumor
vclaim-sno-great-pacific-garbage-patch	"A photograph shows the ""Great Pacific Garbage Patch"" that covers over 8% of the Pacific Ocean."	The Great Pacific Garbage Patch
vclaim-sno-great-value	Great Value brand ice cream sandwiches sold by WalMart don’t melt.	WalMart Ice Cream Sandwiches Don't Melt?
vclaim-sno-great-wall-from-moon	The Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from the moon.	Is the Great Wall of China Visible from the Moon?
vclaim-sno-great-white-sharks-spotted-in-mississippi-river	A photograph shows two great white sharks swimming in the Mississippi River.	Great White Sharks Spotted in Mississippi River?
vclaim-sno-greatest-card-trick-ever	Video captures a magician performing the “greatest card trick ever.”	Greatest Card Trick Ever
vclaim-sno-greek-customs-weapons-refugees-furniture	Photographs show a cache of weapons uncovered by the Coast Guard in Greece, disguised as furniture and headed for European refugee camps.	Greece Seizes Weapons Headed for Refugee Camps?
vclaim-sno-green-bay-coach-racist-field	"Green Bay Packers coach Mike McCarthy put something on the field that ""pissed off"" his ""racist"" players."	Did the Green Bay Packers Coach Just ‘Piss Off’ His ‘Racist’ Players With What He Put on the Field?
vclaim-sno-green-bay-jackers	Green Bay Packers wide receivers Randall Cobb and Jordy Nelson were caught using	Green Bay Packers Receivers Caught Using Battery Powered Gloves
vclaim-sno-green-canard	President Obama issued an executive order to obtain	President Obama Orders Millions of Blank Green Cards?
vclaim-sno-green-cars-unlucky	Green is an unlucky color for automobiles.	Are Green Cars Unlucky?
vclaim-sno-green-eggs-and-ham	Dr. Seuss wrote the classic children's book 'Green Eggs and Ham' after being challenged to produce a book using no more than fifty different words.	Did Dr. Seuss Write ‘Green Eggs and Ham’ on a Bet?
vclaim-sno-green-giant-birds-eye	"Birds Eye and Green Giant brand vegetables are ""all from China."""	Are Birds Eye and Green Giant Vegetables ‘All from China’?
vclaim-sno-green-hornet-change-kato-after-pearl-harbor	The nationality of Kato, the Green Hornet's valet, was abruptly changed after the beginning of World War II.	Did ‘The Green Hornet’ Change Kato’s Nationality After Pearl Harbor?
vclaim-sno-green-moon	On 20 April 2018, a Green Moon will appear in the sky, a rare event that only occurs every 420 years.	Will a ‘Green Moon’ Appear in April 2018?
vclaim-sno-green-new-deal-recycle-urine	The Green New Deal legislation of 2019 includes a provision requiring men to recycle their urine to use for coffee.	Does the Green New Deal Proposal Include a ‘Recycling Urine’ Provision?
vclaim-sno-green-party-state-ballots	Jill Stein, the Green Part's presidential candidate, is not yet on the ballot in every state.	Is the Green Party on the Ballot in All 50 States?
vclaim-sno-greene-jewish-lasers-wildfires	U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia speculated that the real culprit behind the November 2018 wildfires in California may have been a Jewish laser beam from space.	Did Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene Say ‘Jewish Lasers’ Caused California Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-greenies	Greenies brand dental chews pose a general danger to dogs.	Greenies Dog Chews
vclaim-sno-greenland-shark-392-years-old	A viral picture depicted a Greenland shark believed to be 392 years old.	Is This Greenland Shark Nearly 400 Years Old?
vclaim-sno-greenmail	"Soupy Sales was once suspended for asking his young television viewers to send him ""little green pieces of paper"" taken from their parents' wallets."	Soupy Sales’ ‘Green Pieces of Paper’ Scandal
vclaim-sno-greenpeace-activist-get-arm-bitten-off-hugging-white-shark	A Greenpeace activist had his arm bitten off when he tried to hug a shark.	Did a Greenpeace Activist Get His Arm Bitten Off After Hugging a Shark?
vclaim-sno-greenpeace-and-the-nazca-lines	Greenpeace irreparably damaged Peru’s historic Nazca lines during a publicity stunt.	This Greenpeace Stunt May Have Irreparably Damaged Peru’s Nazca Site
vclaim-sno-greg-comer-cancer-prayer	Prayers are requested for Greg Comer, a North Carolina man who is battling cancer.	Greg Comer Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-gregory-michaels-itp	Pfizer's COVID-19 vaccine caused the death of Florida doctor Gregory Michael.	Did COVID-19 Vaccination Cause Dr. Gregory Michael’s Death?
vclaim-sno-greta-mural-spray-paint	A San Francisco mural portrait of Greta Thunberg used 700 gallons of spray paint.	Did a Mural of Greta Thunberg Use 700 Gallons of Spray Paint?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-capitol-rioter	A meme showed environmental activist Greta Thunberg in disguise as a member of the pro-Trump crowd that stormed the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did Greta Thunberg Disguise Herself as Pro-Trump Rioter?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-chopsticks	Environmental activist Greta Thunberg urged China to ban the use of chopsticks.	Did Teen Activist Greta Thunberg Tell China to Stop Using Chopsticks?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-cnn-town-hall	"Teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg appeared on a CNN ""expert panel"" in a program about the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic."	Did Climate Activist Greta Thunberg Appear as Coronavirus ‘Expert’ on CNN Panel?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-hunger-strike	Environmental activist Greta Thunberg is going on a hunger strike until U.S. President Donald Trump is removed from office.	Is Greta Thunberg Going on Hunger Strike Until Trump is Removed From Office?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-shooting-a-gun	A video shows teenage environmental activist Greta Thunberg shooting a gun.	Is This Teen Activist Greta Thunberg Shooting a Gun?
vclaim-sno-greta-thunberg-soros-isis-antifa	"Photographs shared widely in September 2019 showed Greta Thunberg posing with George Soros and a member of Isis and ""aligning herself"" with Antifa."	Do Photos Show Greta Thunberg with George Soros, ISIS, and the ‘Antifa Terrorist Organization’?
vclaim-sno-greyhound-park-closure	Dogs not adopted after the closure of the Dairyland Greyhound Park will be euthanized.	Greyhound Park Closure
vclaim-sno-grievances-aired	A pranking radio DJ prompts a startling admission from his joke’s intended victim.	Affair Admitted on Radio
vclaim-sno-grim-reaper	A spectator at a football game was killed by a flying model lawnmower.	The True Story of the Flying Lawnmower Death
vclaim-sno-grime-scene	Photograph purportedly shows the imprint of a sexual encounter on a dirty car hood.	Grime Scene
vclaim-sno-grinch-pistachio-ad	"A “Wonderful Pistachios"" ad featured The Grinch touting the slogan “Green and salty. Just like my nuts."""	Did ‘The Grinch’ Pistachio Ad Make a Crude Reference?
vclaim-sno-grinchs-phone-number	Christmas fans (or even people who don't like Christmas) can talk to the Grinch by calling a holiday hotline.	Is This the Grinch’s Phone Number?
vclaim-sno-gringo	The word	Etymology of Gringo
vclaim-sno-grits-expectations	A study has linked eating grits with increased chances of fathering a gay child.	Study Links Homosexuality to Eating Grits
vclaim-sno-grocery-store-klan-hood	A photograph shows a customer shopping at a grocery store during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic wearing a Ku Klux Klan-like hood over his head.	Does This Photo Show a Grocery Store Shopper in a KKK Hood?
vclaim-sno-grocery-store-single-people	A photograph shows a grocery store aisle sign listing cat food, cat toys, wine, and meals for one.	Does This Grocery Store Have an Aisle for Lonely Single People?
vclaim-sno-groomsmen-supporting-a-paralyzed-man-at-his-wedding	A picture depicts a paralyzed man's groomsmen holding him up so he could marry his bride.	Does a Picture Depict Groomsmen Supporting a Paralyzed Man at His Wedding?
vclaim-sno-ground-chuck	Chuck Green penned a column about Barack Obama’s being a “victim of Bush’s failed promises.”	Chuck Green: Obama Is a Victim of Bush’s Failed Promises
vclaim-sno-ground-glass-deadly	Hiding finely-ground glass in food is an effective method for killing a person.	Is Ground Glass a Deadly Poison?
vclaim-sno-ground-zero-cross-memorial	American Atheists are opposing the incorporation of a steel-beam cross found in the World Trade Center rubble into a September 11 memorial and museum.	Do American Atheists Oppose the Ground Zero Cross?
vclaim-sno-ground-zero-mosque	Photographs show a “censored” protest against a planned mosque in	Censored Protest at Ground Zero
vclaim-sno-groupie-portrait	Photograph shows a combined above-water and underwater group selfie.	The Best Group Selfie Award Goes To?
vclaim-sno-gta6-map-coordinates	A Nov. 19, 2020, video by Rockstar Games includes a clue for Grand Theft Auto 6's location.	Does Teaser Video Show Location For GTA 6?
vclaim-sno-guacamole-means-testicle-sauce	"The word ""guacamole"" literally translates as ""testicle sauce."""	Does the Word ‘Guacamole’ Mean ‘Testicle Sauce’?
vclaim-sno-guarded-response	The federal government called out National Guard resources to block protesting truckers from using	Truckers to Shut Down America
vclaim-sno-guatemala-sinkhole	A massive human-made sinkhole opened up in Guatemala.	Did a Human-Created Sinkhole Open in Guatemala?
vclaim-sno-guatemala-smugglers-children	Guatemalan authorities rescued a group of minors from human smugglers in the migrant caravan.	Did Guatemalan Authorities Rescue a Group of Minors from Caravan Smugglers?
vclaim-sno-guccifer-missing-from-jail-cell	Hacker Guccifer (Marcel Lazăr Lehel) is missing from his jail cell.	‘Guccifer’ Is Not Missing or Dead
vclaim-sno-guggenheim-animals	The Guggenheim Museum planned to host a Chinese art exhibition that included three installations condemned as cruel to animals.	Did the Guggenheim Museum Plan to Host Exhibits Criticized by Some as Cruel to Animals?
vclaim-sno-guilt-edged	"When Canadian police stop a malfunctioning vehicle, the American occupants immediately assume an ""about to be frisked"" position."	Guilty American Motorists
vclaim-sno-guitar-genius	Photograph shows Albert Einstein playing an electric guitar.	FALSE: Einstein Plays Electric Guitar
vclaim-sno-guitar-graveyard-photos	A photograph shows a 'graveyard' of guitars confiscated from street musicians in Brazil.	Do These Photographs Show a Guitar Graveyard?
vclaim-sno-guitar-man	Musician finally masters extraordinarily difficult guitar part he heard on a record, only to learn the recording had been made with more than one guitar.	Multiple Guitar Part Played by One Guitarist
vclaim-sno-gum-kills-birds	Eating gum thrown on the ground causes birds to die.	Gum Kills Birds?
vclaim-sno-gummi-bears-car-wax	The popular Gummi Bears (and similar fruit-flavored candies) are made with carnauba wax, the same ingredient that is found in car polish.	Are Gummi Bears Made with Car Wax?
vclaim-sno-gun-confiscation-in-boston	An ambush near Boston recently killed 72 National Guard troops.	Were 72 People Killed Resisting Gun Confiscation in Boston?
vclaim-sno-gun-deaths-d-day	By 6 March, the number of gun-related deaths in the U.S. in 2019 had surpassed the total number of U.S. combatant deaths on D-Day.	Did Gun Violence Kill More People in U.S. in 9 Weeks than U.S. Combatants Died in D-Day?
vclaim-sno-gun-deaths-wars	Since 1968, more Americans have been killed by guns than have been killed in all wars in U.S. history.	Do U.S. Gun Deaths Since 1968 Outnumber Deaths in All American Wars?
vclaim-sno-gun-homicides-disputes	In 2012, 80% of murders stemmed from otherwise law-abiding citizens involved in interpersonal disputes.	80 Percent of Murders Involve Interpersonal Disputes
vclaim-sno-gun-manufacturers-crimes-products	Gun manufacturers have legal immunity from being sued for crimes committed with the weapons or ammunition they sell.	Gun Manufacturers Can’t Be Sued For Crimes Committed With Their Products?
vclaim-sno-gun-map	The	Dwight R. Worley – The Gun Owner Next Door
vclaim-sno-gun-shop-tire-marking	Tires or bumpers of cars parked outside gun stores are marked by gangs to later identify them as potential gun theft opportunities.	Marked Car Gun Thefts
vclaim-sno-gun-show-deaths-injuries	No one has been killed at a gun show, thus proving that guns do not kill people.	Has No One Been Killed at a Gun Show, Thus Proving Guns Don’t Kill People?
vclaim-sno-gun-toting-children-photographed-united-states-border	A photograph shows children holding guns on the US-Mexico border.	Were Gun-Toting Children Photographed on the United States Border?
vclaim-sno-gun-toting-grannies	An old lady pulls a gun on men she finds sitting in her car and forces them out . . . only to discover once they decamp that it's not her car.	Gun-Toting Grannies
vclaim-sno-gunman-gambit	"Senator Dianne Feinstein said ""when the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in, that's human nature."""	Dianne Feinstein ‘Gunman’ Quote
vclaim-sno-guns-drawn-house-chamber	Photos taken in the U.S. House Chambers of the U.S. Capitol show Capitol police officers with guns drawn.	Do Photos Show Guns Drawn in US House Chamber?
vclaim-sno-guthrie-letter-to-pelosi	A Charlotte lawyer named Dennis Guthrie sent a critical letter to Rep. Nancy Pelosi.	Dennis Guthrie’s Letter to Nancy Pelosi
vclaim-sno-guy-fieri-wildfires	Celebrity chef Guy Fieri fed, or helped to feed, 5,000 people displaced by the 2018 Carr Fire in Shasta County, California.	Did Celebrity Chef Guy Fieri Feed 5,000 California Wildfire Evacuees?
vclaim-sno-guyfi-nyc-public-booths	The city of New York is installing public masturbation booths.	NYC Is Not Installing ‘Public Masturbation’ Booths
vclaim-sno-gwyneth-paltrow-goop-covid-advice	A leader of the National Health Service (NHS) warned against the advice of Gwyneth Paltrow for treating lingering effects of COVID-19.	Did NHS Warn Against Gwyneth Paltrow’s COVID-19 Advice?
vclaim-sno-gwyneth-paltrow-vagina-candle	"Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a candle that ""smells like my vagina."""	Is Gwyneth Paltrow Selling a Candle That ‘Smells Like My Vagina’?
vclaim-sno-gwyneth-vagina-candle-explode	A “vagina” candle made by Gwyneth Paltrow’s beauty line, Goop, unexpectedly exploded after being lit by a British woman.	Did Gwyneth Paltrow’s ‘Vagina Candle’ Explode in Woman’s Living Room?
vclaim-sno-gyro-drop-ride	"A video shows the actual movements of a ""Gyro Drop"" amusement park ride."	Is This Video of a ‘Gyro Drop’ Amusement Park Ride Real?
vclaim-sno-hackers-peace-sign-fingerprints	Hackers can extract fingerprints from peace sign selfies and steal people's identities.	Can Hackers Use Peace Sign Selfies to Steal Fingerprints and Identities?
vclaim-sno-hackers-stole-273-passwords	Approximately 273 million passwords and login credentials were stolen by a Russian hacker and sold for $1.	Hackers Stole 273 Million Passwords, Login Credentials?
vclaim-sno-hackman-trump-president	Actor Gene Hackman said Donald Trump 'could easily turn out to be one of the best presidents America has ever seen.'	Did Gene Hackman Say Trump ‘Could Easily Turn Out to Be One of the Best Presidents’?
vclaim-sno-hagan-ad-mexico-us-border	Christina Hagan's campaign ad contains footage depicting the U.S.-Mexico border.	Does Christina Hagan’s Campaign Ad Show the Mexico-United States Border?
vclaim-sno-hagee-lesbians-flat	"Pastor John Hagee said that ""God made all lesbians flat"" so they can be identified by ""normal people""."	Did Pastor John Hagee Say that God Made Lesbians ‘Flat’?
vclaim-sno-haiku-bird	"Photographs document the existence of the ""haiku bird."""	Is the ‘Haiku Bird’ a Real Creature?
vclaim-sno-hail-satan-hidden-10000-bill	"The phrase ""Hail Satan"" was embossed on the U.S. $10,000 bill."	Were the Words ‘Hail Satan’ Hidden on the U.S. $10,000 Bill?
vclaim-sno-hail-satan-in-n-out-cup	"A photograph shows the phrase ""Hail Satan"" printed on the bottom of a cup from the In-N-Out Burger chain."	Do In-N-Out Cups Contain ‘Hail Satan’ Messages?
vclaim-sno-hail-satan-license-plates	"Tennessee lawmakers passed a bill  approving a ""Hail Satan"" license plate tag."	Are ‘Hail Satan’ License Plates Now Available in Tennessee?
vclaim-sno-hailey-owens	A 10-year-old girl named Hailey Owens is missing from her Springfield, Missouri, home.	Missing Person: Hailey Owens
vclaim-sno-hair-dryer-coronavirus	Using a hair dryer to breathe in hot air can cure COVID-19 and stop its spread.	No, a Hair Dryer Won’t Stop Coronavirus
vclaim-sno-hair-grooming-syncope	"""Hair-grooming syncope"" is a real fainting disorder that can occur during acts of hair care."	What Is Hair-Grooming Syncope?
vclaim-sno-hair-trigger	CNN reported that Ebola has been found in packages of hair extensions.	Ebola Found in Hair Extensions?
vclaim-sno-hairband-condoms-fake-news	The Centers for Disease Control have issued a warning concerning used condoms being repurposed as hairbands.	CDC Warns Hair Bands from China Made of Used Condoms
vclaim-sno-hairy-spider-monkey-found-mars	Close examination of a photograph taken by NASA’s Mars Curiosity Rover shows the presence of a hairy, spider-monkey like creature.	‘Hairy Spider Monkey’ Found on Mars?
vclaim-sno-haiti-earthquake-relief	Messages provide information about contributions to earthquake relief efforts in Haiti.	Send $10 by Text Message for Haiti Relief Efforts
vclaim-sno-hal-lundgren-letter-lebron-james	Freelance reporter Hal Lundgren wrote a letter to Lebron James criticizing the NBA star for comments he made about President Trump.	Did Hal Lundgren Write an Open Letter to Lebron James?
vclaim-sno-halal-mart	An Ohio Walmart store has begun selling halal meat.	Walmart Bows Down to Sharia Law?
vclaim-sno-halal-slash-video	"A video shows a Muslim man randomly picking people in London to ""halal slash"" with a knife for fun."	Does a Video Show a Muslim Engaging in a ‘Halal Slash’?
vclaim-sno-haley-wilson	17-year-old Haley Wilson is missing from her Amarillo, Texas, home.	Missing Child: Haley Wilson
vclaim-sno-half-baked	Dozens of people died of marijuana overdoses on the day recreational use became legal in Colorado or Oregon.	Marijuana Overdoses Kill 37 on First Day of Legalization
vclaim-sno-half-body-camel	A photograph shows a camel that lost half its body after surviving a landmine explosion.	Did This Camel Lose Half Its Body?
vclaim-sno-half-eaten-shark-washes-up-in-daytona	Image depicts a huge, inexplicably half-eaten shark found on a Florida beach.	Half-Eaten Shark Washes Up in Daytona
vclaim-sno-half-human-half-lamb-born-south-africa	A half-human, half-lamb was born in South Africa.	Was a Human-Lamb Hybrid Born in South Africa?
vclaim-sno-half-human-half-lion-hybrid-creature-indonesia	Images show a baby half-human, half-lion hybrid that was found in Indonesia.	Was a Half-Human, Half-Lion Hybrid Creature Found in Indonesia?
vclaim-sno-half-nelson	Kanye West proclaimed: “I am the next Nelson Mandela.”	Kanye West: ‘I Am the Next Nelson Mandela’
vclaim-sno-half-toilet-in-sochi	Photograph shows a half toilet in the Olympic city of Sochi, Russia.	Half Toilet in Sochi
vclaim-sno-halftime-in-america	Actor Clint Eastwood narrated an anti-Obama “Halftime in America” spot.	Clint Eastwood – Halftime in America
vclaim-sno-hall-oates-phone-hotline	Dialing a Colorado Springs-area phone number allows you to listen to one of four Hall & Oates songs.	Is There a Dedicated Hall & Oates Phone Line?
vclaim-sno-hallmark-cards-made-in-china	Hallmark greeting cards are made in China.	Are Hallmark Cards Made In China?
vclaim-sno-hallmark-postcard-family-member-virus	"""You've Received a (Hallmark) Postcard from a Family Member!"" e-mails harbor a dangerous virus."	‘Hallmark Postcard from a Family Member’ Virus
vclaim-sno-halloween-friday-13th	In 2018, Halloween will fall on Friday the 13th for the first time in 666 years.	Does Halloween Fall on Friday the 13th for the First Time in 666 Years?
vclaim-sno-halloween-gang-initiation	Gang initiates are planning to kill thirty or more women around Halloween.	Halloween Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-halloween-hanging	Halloween hanging stunt goes wrong and hangs a man for real.	Halloween Trickery Turns Deadly
vclaim-sno-halloween-non-poisonings	Police have documented cases of people randomly distributing poisoned goodies to children on Halloween.	Poisoned Halloween Candy
vclaim-sno-halloween-quarantine	Gov. Chris Christie has canceled Halloween	New Jersey Bans Halloween Trick-or-Treating Over Ebola Fears
vclaim-sno-hallway-stop-running	A photograph shows an optical illusion on the floor of a school hallway that was designed to prevent children from running.	Was This Hallway Designed to Prevent Children from Running?
vclaim-sno-hamas-wedding-girls	Images document a Hamas-organized mass wedding of adult men and pre-pubescent girls in the Gaza Strip.	Do These Photographs Show a Hamas-Organized Wedding of Men and Young Girls?
vclaim-sno-hamilton-non-white-casting-call	"The producers of the Broadway musical ""Hamilton"" issued a casting call specifying ""non-white"" actors for auditions."	Producers of ‘Hamilton’ Issued ‘Non-White’ Casting Call
vclaim-sno-hammer-scorecard-vote-counts	"A supercomputer called ""Hammer"" and a software program called ""Scorecard"" are being used to alter vote counts in the U.S. presidential election of 2020."	Is There a ‘Hammer and Scorecard’ Operation to Manipulate Vote Counts?
vclaim-sno-hammer-time	Part of the process of determining that a Pope has died and is not merely sleeping calls for him to be tapped on the forehead with a silver hammer.	Is a Deceased Pope Tapped with a Silver Hammer to Verify He’s Dead?
vclaim-sno-hammerhead-bat	"A photograph showing an odd-looking, large bat with an elongated face known as a ""hammerhead bat."""	Is the Hammerhead Bat a Real Animal?
vclaim-sno-hammerhead-salamander-photo	A photograph shows a real hammerhead salamander.	Is This a Photograph of a ‘Hammerhead Salamander’?
vclaim-sno-hammy-hanukkah	"A photograph shows a store advertising ""Delicious for Chanukah"" hams."	Did a Grocer Promote ‘Delicious for Chanukah’ Hams?
vclaim-sno-hand-gripes	KFC has banned sanitizing hand wipes because they contain alcohol, which may offend Muslim customers.	KFC Bans Santizing Hand Wipes to Avoid Offending Muslims?
vclaim-sno-hand-mirror	Photograph captures Senator Tom Daschle saluting the flag with the wrong hand.	Tom Daschle Pledge of Allegiance
vclaim-sno-hand-of-hope	A photograph shows a fetus reaching out towards the surgeon during an in-the-womb surgery.	Is This a Real Fetal Surgery Photo?
vclaim-sno-hand-over-heart	Photograph shows Barack Obama without his hand over his heart while the U.S. national anthem is being played.	Barack Obama and the National Anthem
vclaim-sno-hand-sanitize-after-expiration	Hand sanitizers gradually become less effective after their expiration date.	Is Hand Sanitizer Effective After Its Expiration Date?
vclaim-sno-hand-sanitizer-alcohol-poisoning	Ingestion of hand sanitizer by children can result in alcohol poisoning.	Can Ingesting Hand Sanitizer Give Children Alcohol Poisoning?
vclaim-sno-hand-sanitizer-antifreeze-pets	Hand sanitizer is a threat to pets because it contains an ingredient also found in antifreeze.	Does Using Hand Sanitizer Pose a Danger to Pets?
vclaim-sno-hand-sanitizer-explodes-hot-car	A bottle of hand sanitizer will spontaneously combust if left in a hot car.	Will Hand Sanitizer Combust If Left in a Hot Car?
vclaim-sno-hand-sanitizer-titos-vodka	A homemade hand sanitizer made with Tito's Vodka can be used to fight the new coronavirus.	Can a Homemade Tito’s Vodka Hand Sanitizer Help Stem Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-hand-size-trump-debate	You can tell the size of a man's penis by looking at his hands.	Does Hand Size Actually Correlate to Penis Size?
vclaim-sno-hand-soap-warning	Acid was placed into in hand soap dispensers in the restrooms of rest stops in Alabama and Florida.	Acid in Hand Soap
vclaim-sno-handcuffed-save-choking-officer	A cop car's dashcam captured footage of a handcuffed man saving a choking police officer's life.	Does Dashcam Video Show a Handcuffed Man Saving Choking Police Officer?
vclaim-sno-handgun-safety-and-registration-act	A bill currently before Congress would require that all handgun owners list their guns on federal income tax returns.	Handgun Safety and Registration Act
vclaim-sno-handgun-student-stabbing	A student with a concealed handgun stopped a mass stabbing at the University of Texas.	Did a Student with a Concealed Handgun Stop a Mass Stabbing at a Texas College?
vclaim-sno-handicap-parking-brazil-prank-video	A video shows a group of citizens teaching a lesson to person who parked illegally in a handicapped parking spot.	Is This What Happens When You Park in a Handicapped Parking Spot in Brazil?
vclaim-sno-handicaprice	The word	Etymology of Handicap
vclaim-sno-handkerchiefs-kissing-covid	The New York State Department of Health advised people to kiss through handkerchiefs during the 1918 flu pandemic.	Was Kissing Through Handkerchiefs Advised During 1918 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-handmaid-tale-themed-wedding	"A photograph shows a bride and groom during a ""Handmaid's Tale""-themed wedding."	Is This a Photo of a ‘Handmaid’s Tale’-Themed Wedding?
vclaim-sno-hands-up-don39t-scoop	Ben & Jerry’s ice cream has announced it will start selling “Hands Up Don’t Shoot”	Ben & Jerry's Is Selling 'Hands Up Don't Shoot' T-Shirts?
vclaim-sno-handshake-snub	Video clip shows President Obama being snubbed while attempting to shake hands during a visit to Russia.	FALSE: Obama Handshake Snub
vclaim-sno-handy-excuses-nixon-backers	A 1973 column by humorist Art Buchwald, which provided canned responses for people supporting Nixon as the Watergate scandal grew, is authentic.	Handy Excuses for Nixon Backers?
vclaim-sno-hang-mike-pence-chant-capitol-riot	"A pro-Trump mob chanted ""Hang Mike Pence"" as they stormed the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021."	Was ‘Hang Mike Pence’ Chanted at Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-hanging-in-the-febreze	Ordinary use of Febreze brand fabric refresher poses a general danger to household pets.	Febreze Pet Danger
vclaim-sno-hanging-munchkin	A lovelorn actor portraying one of the munchkins hanged himself on the set during the filming of The Wizard of Oz.	Does ‘The Wizard of Oz’ Include a Munchkin Suicide?
vclaim-sno-hanging-puppy-photo	Photograph seeks help in identifying youths pictured hanging a puppy.	Hanging Dog Photo
vclaim-sno-hank-aaron-vaccine	Hank Aaron died as a result of a COVID-19 vaccination.	Did Hank Aaron Die From COVID-19 Vaccination?
vclaim-sno-hank-williams-jr-endorses-hillary-clinton	Musician Hank Williams Jr. has endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.	Hank Williams, Jr. Endorses Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-hannah-and-ethan-anderson	Hannah Anderson is missing from her San Diego area home following her mother’s death.	Missing Persons: Hannah and Ethan Anderson
vclaim-sno-hannah-garman	A four-year-old girl named Hannah Garman, who is dying from cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.	Hannah Garman
vclaim-sno-hantavirus-china	A new disease outbreak caused by the hantavirus has been detected in China.	Does China Have a ‘New’ Outbreak of Hantavirus?
vclaim-sno-happen-riots-and-looting	A meme lists political legal events that occurred during the first week of June 2020, while nationwide protests were taking place over the death of George Floyd.	Did This Happen ‘While Your TV Was Filled with Riots and Looting’?
vclaim-sno-happiness-is-only-grin-deep	It takes a greater number of facial muscles to frown than it does to smile.	Muscles to Smile and Frown
vclaim-sno-happy-eid-al-adha	A Thanksgiving 2009 advertising circular issued by Best Buy wished readers a “Happy Eid al-Adha.”	Best Buy – Happy Eid al-Adha
vclaim-sno-happy-face-spider	Photograph shows a “happy face spider.”	Happy Face Spider
vclaim-sno-happy-trails	Photograph shows U.S. Air Force jets celebrating a Supreme Court ruling regarding the Defense of Marriage Act.	U.S. Air Force Celebrates DOMA Ruling
vclaim-sno-harambe-15000-votes	A dead gorilla named Harambe received 15,000 votes in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.	Harambe, A Dead Gorilla, Got Over 15,000 Votes for President of the United States
vclaim-sno-harding-china-poker	U.S. President Warren G. Harding wagered and lost White House china in a poker game.	Did President Harding Gamble Away the White House China?
vclaim-sno-harlan-ellison	"During his first day as a writer for Disney Studios, Harlan Ellison was fired for jokingly suggesting a ""porn Disney flick"" be made."	Harlan Ellison and Disney
vclaim-sno-harlan-hill-eat-shoe-biden-won	On Nov. 3, 2020, Trump campaign adviser Harlan Hill said he'd livestream himself eating his shoe if Joe Biden won the presidential election.	Did Trump Campaign Adviser Promise To Eat His Shoe If Biden Won?
vclaim-sno-harley-davidson-1914-photo	A photograph shows William Harley and Arthur Davidson unveiling their first motorcycle in 1914.	Is This William Harley and Arthur Davidson Unveiling Their First Motorcycle?
vclaim-sno-harley-davidson-steel-tariffs	Harley-Davidson announced in March 2018 that they were closing a Wisconsin plant and moving all manufacturing to Thailand in response to President Donald Trump's just-announced steel tariffs.	Did Harley-Davidson Close a Wisconsin Factory to Move Production to Thailand Due to New Steel Tariffs?
vclaim-sno-harly-andrews-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Harly Andrews, a 5-year-old girl hit by a car.	Harly Andrews Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-harold-estes	Letter from nonagenarian World War II veteran criticizes President Obama.	Letter to President Obama – Harold Estes
vclaim-sno-harpo-marx	Harpo Marx changed his given name from Adolph to Arthur in order to avoid an association with Adolf Hitler.	Did Adolph ‘Harpo’ Marx Change His Name Because of Hitler?
vclaim-sno-harriet-tubman-gun-republican	"A photograph captures Harriet Tubman as a ""Gun-Toting, Democrat-Shooting"" Republican."	Was Harriet Tubman a Gun-Toting Republican?
vclaim-sno-harriet-tubman-quote	"Harriet Tubman said: ""I freed a thousand slaves. I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves."""	Did Harriet Tubman Say ‘I Freed a Thousand Slaves’?
vclaim-sno-harris-18-24-voters-stupid	"Kamala Harris called voters aged 18-24 years old ""stupid."""	Did Kamala Harris Say Young Voters Are ‘Stupid’?
vclaim-sno-harris-believe-biden-accusers	U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris has said she believes women who have accused former Vice President Joe Biden of various offenses, ranging from inappropriate touching to rape.	Did Kamala Harris Say She ‘Believes’ Joe Biden’s Accusers?
vclaim-sno-harris-biden-blog-post	"Vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris said Joe Biden is ""trash to me."""	Did Kamala Harris Say Joe Biden Is ‘Trash to Me’?
vclaim-sno-harris-churches-propaganda-centers	"U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris called American churches ""propaganda centers."""	Did Kamala Harris Call American Churches ‘Propaganda Centers’?
vclaim-sno-harris-defund-police-tweet	"Democratic 2020 vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris tweeted, ""We need to focus on defunding the police rather than supporting them."""	No, Kamala Harris Didn’t Tweet, ‘We Need to Focus on Defunding the Police’
vclaim-sno-harris-first-poc-vp	Kamala Harris will be first person of color to serve as vice president.	Will Kamala Harris Be the First POC as Vice President?
vclaim-sno-harris-military-against-trumpers	U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris threatened to use 'federal law enforcement and the military ... against Trumpers'	Kamala Harris Didn’t Threaten To Use the Military Against ‘Trumpers’
vclaim-sno-harris-protesters-bail	During protests over the police in-custody death of George Floyd in the summer of 2020, Kamala Harris donated money to a Minnesota nonprofit that helped protesters who were arrested get out of jail and break more laws.	Did Kamala Harris Bail Out ‘Violent Rioters’ During George Floyd Protests?
vclaim-sno-harris-round-up-trump	"Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris said that after Trump is impeached, ""we'll be coming for [his supporters] next."""	Did Kamala Harris Say ’After Trump’s Gone, We’ll Be Coming for You Next’?
vclaim-sno-harris-twitter-trump	Kamala Harris' press secretary was hired by Twitter to moderate U.S. President Donald Trump's tweets.	Does Kamala Harris’ Press Secretary Decide What Trump Can Say on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-harrison-ford-holding-a-trump-sign	Harrison Ford endorsed Donald Trump via a photograph in which he held up a campaign sign.	Harrison Ford Holding a Trump Sign?
vclaim-sno-harrison-ford-trump-han-solo	"Harrison Ford compared Donald Trump to ""patriots"" such as Indiana Jones, Han Solo, and Jack Ryan."	Did Harrison Ford Compare Donald Trump to Indiana Jones and Han Solo?
vclaim-sno-harrods-santa	A fired department store Santa gained revenge on his former employer by spelling out a crude message in lights.	Did a Fired Santa Send an Obscene Message to Harrods?
vclaim-sno-harry-admits-meghan-markle	"A report confirmed that Prince Harry has changed his mind about Meghan Markle, and he believes she might not be ""the one."""	Has Prince Harry ‘Changed His Mind About Meghan Markle’?
vclaim-sno-harry-david-says-company-neutral-racism-neo-nazis	"The company Harry & David had no concerns about advertising with Breitbart, saying they were ""neutral"" on issues of racism and anti-Semitism."	Harry & David Says Company is ‘Neutral’ on Racism, Neo-Nazis?
vclaim-sno-harry-markle-rv-camper	A photograph shows Prince Harry and Megan Markle in front of their new RV camper.	Did Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Buy an RV Camper?
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-2020-movie-trailer	A video shows a trailer for a new Harry Potter movie that is set for release in 2020.	Is the ‘Harry Potter’ 2020 Movie Trailer Real?
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-8-2	An eighth book in the enormously Harry Potter series is forthcoming.	Harry Potter 8
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-8	Author J.K. Rowling has announced plans to pen a new book in the	Harry Potter 8
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-and-the-path-to-salvation	An Evangelical Christian mom re-wrote the Harry Potter series to remove all references to witchcraft and wizardry, replacing them with “prayer and miracles.”	Christian Version of Harry Potter
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-cursed-child-movie-poster	"In April 2018, Daniel Radcliffe announced that he would reprise his role as Harry Potter in a new movie called ""Harry Potter and the Cursed Child."""	Is Daniel Radcliffe Starring in ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’?
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-satanism	Harry Potter books are sparking a rise in Satanism among children.	Are Harry Potter Books Sparking a Rise in Satanism Among Children?
vclaim-sno-harry-potter-show-coming-to-netflix	Netflix announced in April 2017 that it was creating a new 'Harry Potter' television series.	‘Harry Potter’ Show Coming to Netflix?
vclaim-sno-hartz-hurt-pets	Hartz brand flea and tick products are harmful to pets.	Do Hartz Flea and Tick Products Harm Pets?
vclaim-sno-harvard-degrees-trump	Following the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riot, Harvard University was considering revoking degrees from high-profile Trump supporters.	Is Harvard Considering Revoking Trump Allies’ Degrees?
vclaim-sno-harvard-flaw-review	A 2007 Harvard University study proved that areas with higher rates of gun ownership have lower crime rates.	Harvard University Study Reveals Astonishing Link Between Firearms, Crime and Gun Control
vclaim-sno-harvard-professor-wants-electoral-college-to-reject-trump	A law professor is working to take Donald Trump's election win away by appealing to electoral college voters.	Harvard Professor Wants Electoral College to Reject Trump
vclaim-sno-harvard-science-endowment	Harvard is offering tuition-free education to African-American students majoring in the sciences.	Harvard Science Endowment
vclaim-sno-harvard-segregated-graduation	Harvard University is segregating graduation ceremonies based on race in 2017.	Is Harvard University Segregating Graduation Ceremonies?
vclaim-sno-harvard-study-apple-iphones-sales-slows	A Harvard study proved that Apple purposely slows down its older model iPhones to coincide with device releases and to boost sales of new models.	Did a Harvard Study Prove That Apple Slows Down iPhones to Boost Sales of New Ones?
vclaim-sno-harvard-study-confirms-tibetan-monks-can-raise-body-temperature-with-their-minds	A Harvard Study showed that Tibetan Monks can significantly raise the temperature of their fingers, toes and other extremities through meditation alone.	Harvard Study Confirms Tibetan Monks Can Raise Body Temperature With Their Minds
vclaim-sno-harvard-study-ramen-damage-body	A Harvard study proved instant noodles and ramen can cause irreversible damage to your body.	Harvard Study Reveals Just How Much Damage Instant Noodles Do to Your Body
vclaim-sno-harvard-study-unvaccinated-children	A Harvard study proved that “unvaccinated children pose no risk” to other kids.	Did a Harvard Study Prove That “Unvaccinated Children Pose No Risk” to Other Kids?
vclaim-sno-harvey-milk-day	A bill passed by the California legislature seeks to designate	Harvey Milk Day
vclaim-sno-harvey-texas-insurance	On 1 September 2017, a new law will come into force in Texas, making it harder for consumers to get paid for property insurance claims related to weather.	Imminent Changes Introduced to Texas Insurance Law in the Midst of Harvey?
vclaim-sno-harvey-weinstein-suicide	Hollywood film producer and alleged sexual predator Harvey Weinstein shot and killed himself in a Scottsdale, Arizona, hotel room.	Did Harvey Weinstein Commit Suicide in Arizona?
vclaim-sno-has-indictment-been-issued-uranium-one	A Maryland man has been indicted in connection with the Uranium One investigation.	Has an Indictment Been Issued in the Uranium One Investigation?
vclaim-sno-has-the-process-to-impeach-donald-trump-begun	The process to impeach President Trump began in 2017.	Did the Process to Impeach President Donald Trump Begin in 2017?
vclaim-sno-has-tony-podesta-been-arrested-in-the-mueller-investigation	Lobbyist Tony Podesta has been arrested by United States Marshals in relation to Special Counsel Bob Mueller's Russia probe.	Has Tony Podesta Been Arrested in the Mueller Investigation?
vclaim-sno-hasbro-toys-death-row-records	The toy company Hasbro acquired Death Row Records.	Did Hasbro Toys Acquire Death Row Records?
vclaim-sno-hasslin39-the-rand	Senator Rand Paul said abortion is worse than the Holocaust because abortion victims are innocent.	Rand Paul Said Abortion is Worse Than the Holocaust?
vclaim-sno-hatchimal-bath-bombs	"""Hatchimal"" bath bombs are giving children chemical burns."	Are ‘Hatchimal’ Bath Bombs Giving Children Chemical Burns?
vclaim-sno-hats-off-to-japan	Photographs show an area in Japan rebuilt a year after the 2011 earthquake/tsunami.	Hats Off to Japan
vclaim-sno-hattie-mcdaniel-oscars-seat	Black actress Hattie McDaniel was not allowed to sit with her white co-stars during the Academy Awards ceremony in 1940.	Was ‘Gone With the Wind’ Actress Hattie McDaniel Forced to Sit in the Back at the Oscars?
vclaim-sno-haunted-toys-r-us	The ghost of a disappointed lover haunts the Toys 'R' Us store in Sunnyvale, California.	Haunted Toys ‘R’ Us
vclaim-sno-have-children-fined-lemonade-stands	Children have been fined for operating lemonade stands without a permit, or ordered to obtain expensive permits.	Have Children Been Fined for Operating Lemonade Stands?
vclaim-sno-have-undocumented-killed-63000-us-9-11	Undocumented immigrants have killed 63,000 U.S. citizens since 11 September 2001.	Have Undocumented Immigrants Killed 63,000 American Citizens Since 9/11?
vclaim-sno-have-you-ever-been-in-an-accident-resulting-in-your-death	An Obamacare questionnaire asked respondents whether they'd ever been in an accident resulting in their own deaths.	Have You Ever Been in an Accident Resulting in Your Death?
vclaim-sno-hawaii-death-pods	"Following the Jan. 1, 2019, legalization of physician-assisted death in Hawaii, state leaders bought 30 “passing assistance pods."""	Did Hawaii Buy ‘Death Pods’ After Legalizing Physician-Assisted Death?
vclaim-sno-hawaii-official-no-obama-birth-certificate	A Hawaii state official recently came forward with proof that President Barack Obama's birth certificate was not legitimate.	Hawaii Official Says No Birth Certificate for President Obama?
vclaim-sno-hawk-drops-snake-on-bbq	A video shows a hawk snatching up a snake and dropping it amidst a family's barbecue.	Was a Snake Dropped on a Family Barbecue By a Hawk?
vclaim-sno-hawker-beechcraft	The U.S. government unfairly excluded Hawker Beechcraft from bidding to supply military aircraft for Afghanistan.	Hawker Beechcraft
vclaim-sno-hawkeyes-childrens-hospital	The Iowa Hawkeyes football team built a children's hospital next to their stadium and started a tradition of waving at its patients during home games.	Did the Iowa Hawkeyes Build a Children’s Hospital Next to Their Stadium?
vclaim-sno-hazard-pay	Accused Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan has continued to draw his salary while awaiting trial.	Nidal Hasan Has Earned $278,000 in Salary Since the Fort Hood Shooting
vclaim-sno-hazmat-suits-5g-equipment	People working with 5G equipment are required to use hazmat suits to protect themselves against radiation.	Are Hazmat Suits Needed to Install 5G Cellphone Towers?
vclaim-sno-he-fights-trump	Dr. Marshall Kamena, the Democratic mayor of Livermore, California, wrote an opinion piece defending President Trump’s lack of decorum.	‘He Fights’: President Trump’s Lack of Decorum
vclaim-sno-he-loved-lucy	Photograph shows an Arizona man who keeps his dead wife’s corpse in a glass-enclosed coffee table.	Dead Wife in Coffee Table
vclaim-sno-he-loves-me-not	A woman shockingly found out via a radio program call-in stunt that her long-time boyfriend was married.	He Loves Me, He Loves Me Not?
vclaim-sno-he39s-got-the-beat	Video clip shows a Swedish policeman dancing on the job.	Dancing Swedish Cop
vclaim-sno-head-case	"The ""giant head"" moai statues on Easter Island actually have bodies as well."	Do Easter Island Heads Have Bodies?
vclaim-sno-head-man	Dr. Joseph Guillotin invented the guillotine and was later executed with one of those machines.	Origins of the Guillotine
vclaim-sno-head-of-purchasing	The U.S. government has purchased a stockpile of 30,000 guillotines.	Did the U.S. Government Purchase 30,000 Guillotines?
vclaim-sno-head-of-the-class-2	Photographs show President Obama using teleprompters to talk to a group of elementary school students.	Obama Uses Teleprompter for Speech to 6th Graders?
vclaim-sno-head-of-the-class	A little girl whose habit it was to hang her head out the school bus window was decapitated by a road sign.	Beheaded Child on Schoolbus
vclaim-sno-head-of-the-pack	Photograph shows dog heads for sale in a foreign supermarket’s meat section.	Dog Heads for Sale
vclaim-sno-head-shot	The state of Ohio has replaced lethal injection with a head-ripping machine as a form of execution.	Did Ohio Replace Lethal Injection with a Head-Ripping-Off Machine?
vclaim-sno-headless-chicken-deep-sea	A video shows a sea cucumber that resembles a headless chicken.	Is the “Headless Chicken of the Deep Sea” a Real Creature?
vclaim-sno-health-concerns	Statement reproduces President Obama's response regarding opposition to his veterans' health insurance plan.	Barack Obama on Veterans’ Health Insurance
vclaim-sno-health-insurance-exemptions	Muslims in the U.S. are specifically exempted from legislative requirements to purchase health insurance.	Does ‘Dhimmitude’ Exempt Muslims from Obamacare Requirements?
vclaim-sno-health-insurance-under-the-affordable-care-act-costs-hundreds-or-thousands-per-month	Coverage under Obamacare can costs more than $1,200 a month for a family of four.	Health Insurance Under the Affordable Care Act Costs Hundreds or Thousands Per Month?
vclaim-sno-healthcare-deaths-terrorism-illegal-immigration	Lack of affordable healthcare accounts for a greater number of deaths per year than do terrorist attacks and illegal immigration combined.	Does Lack of Affordable Healthcare Kill More People in America Than Terrorism and Illegal Immigration?
vclaim-sno-healthcare-gov-maintenance	The Department of Health and Human Services has scheduled web site maintenance for Healthcare.gov on most Sundays during Obamacare open enrollment.	Is Healthcare.gov Scheduled for Maintenance During Obamacare Enrollment?
vclaim-sno-healthcare-in-japan	A meme presents accurately describes Japan's healthcare and health insurance system.	Six ‘Facts’ About Healthcare in Japan
vclaim-sno-healthcare-profit-1973-hmo-act	Before the 1973 HMO act was signed into law by Richard Nixon, it was illegal to profit from healthcare.	Was It Illegal to Profit from Healthcare Prior to the HMO Act of 1973?
vclaim-sno-heart-attack-symptoms	Some symptoms of a heart attack are subtle and can be mistaken for indigestion.	Heart Attack Symptoms
vclaim-sno-heart-attacks-and-water	Drinking four glasses of water at the beginning of each day will prevent heart attacks and cure various diseases.	Heart Attacks and Water
vclaim-sno-heart-transplant-child	Every time a particular text message is forwarded, the phone company will donate $2 towards a heart transplant for an unnamed baby girl.	Text Message for Heart Transplant Child
vclaim-sno-heartless-felons	The Heartless Felons gang issued an order to kill all white police officers.	Heartless Felons Gang Threatens to Kill All White Police Officers?
vclaim-sno-heath-ledger-cyrian-murphy-photograph-real	A photograph shows actors Heath Ledger and Cillian Murphy posing together.	Is This Heath Ledger Posing with Cillian Murphy?
vclaim-sno-heather-bresch-attacked-by-bee-swarm-after-raising-epipen-price	Mylan CEO Heather Bresch as attacked by a bee swarm whilst strolling in a park and no one nearby had an EpiPen on hand to assist her because they're too expensive.	Heather Bresch Attacked by Bee Swarm After Raising EpiPen Price?
vclaim-sno-heather-holland-died-flu-medicine	Heather Holland, a 38-year-old grade school teacher in Willow Park, Texas, died because she couldn't afford the co-pay for her flu medication.	Did a Texas Teacher Named Heather Holland Die Because She Couldn’t Afford Flu Medicine?
vclaim-sno-heather-wick-slavery-joke	Heather Wick joked about having a slave as a maid in a January 2017 Facebook post.	Did a Vermont Woman Post a Joke About Trump ‘Bringing Back Slavery’?
vclaim-sno-heaven-dissent	Alex Malarkey, protagonist of the book The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven: A True Story, actually visited Heaven.	The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven
vclaim-sno-heaven-ray-cox	Texas teenager Heaven Ray Cox is missing from her Orange County home.	Missing Child Alert: Heaven Ray Cox
vclaim-sno-heavens-gate	A goat (or horse) tied to railway crossing gate is accidentally hanged when the gate goes up.	Gate Hangs Horse
vclaim-sno-heavy-metal-addiction	In 2007 a man from Sweden received disability payments for his for his addiction to heavy metal music.	Man Gets Medical Benefits for Heavy Metal Addiction?
vclaim-sno-heb-coupon-scam	H-E-B is giving away $80 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	H-E-B $80 Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-hedgehog-skeleton-photo	A photograph shows a complete hedgehog skeleton.	Is This a Hedgehog Skeleton?
vclaim-sno-heeding-the-call	Man contemplating suicide asks God for a sign and receives a phone call from Almighty God.	Heeding the Call
vclaim-sno-heidi-cruz-call-girl	"Donald Trump ""spilled the beans"" on Heidi Cruz, saying that she used to work as a call girl."	Donald Trump Bombshell: Ted Cruz’s Wife Former Call Girl
vclaim-sno-heil-walker	Photograph shows a young Wisconsin governor Scott Walker posing in women’s lingerie on a Nazi flag.	Scott Walker Posed in Lingerie on a Nazi Flag?
vclaim-sno-heineken-beer-ad-babies	A vintage Heineken advertisement showed a toddler drinking a beer and boasted about having the youngest customers in the business.	Did Heineken Advertise Beer to Babies?
vclaim-sno-heir-raising-experience	Two grandchildren of John Tyler, the 10th U.S. President, are still alive.	Are John Tyler’s Grandchildren Still Alive?
vclaim-sno-helen-keller-fly-plane	Author and disability rights advocate Helen Keller, who was blind and deaf, flew a plane with the assistance of an air crew.	Did Helen Keller Fly a Plane?
vclaim-sno-helen-purcell-clinton-connection	Maricopa County Recorder Helen Purcell was married to Joe Purcell, a former Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas who served under Bill Clinton.	Maricopa County Recorder Has a Personal Clinton Connection?
vclaim-sno-heliotrope-warning	The flowering plant heliotrope is toxic to dogs and can cause death to those who ingest it.	Heliotrope Warning
vclaim-sno-helium-beer	Samuel Adams has produced HeliYum, a helium-infused brand of beer.	HeliYum — A Helium-Infused Brand of Beer?
vclaim-sno-helium-coke	The Coca-Cola Company is selling a helium-carbonated version of Coke.	Is Coca-Cola Selling Helium Soda?
vclaim-sno-hell-endothermic-exothermic	A student came up with a clever proof and pithy saying in response to an exam question about the physical properties of Hell.	Is Hell Endothermic or Exothermic?
vclaim-sno-hell-toupee	A girl on an amusement park ride was scalped when her hair got caught in the attraction's machinery.	Amusement Park Scalping
vclaim-sno-hello-kitty-good-bye-soul	A pact with the Devil to save a cancer-stricken child resulted in the creation of the Hello Kitty brand.	Hello Kitty
vclaim-sno-hells-angels-seattle-antifa	The Hells Angels Motorcycle Club was headed to Seattle in June 2020 to fight antifa.	Are Hells Angels Heading to Seattle To Fight Antifa?
vclaim-sno-helltown-document-real-events	"The film ""Helltown"" is a genuine documentary about a teenager's mysterious disappearance, a cult, and a military mission gone wrong."	Does ‘Helltown’ Film Document Weird Happenings in Abandoned Ohio Town?
vclaim-sno-helter-shelter	Photograph shows horses beneath giant furniture constructed to skirt a prohibition against building a shelter.	Horse Shelter
vclaim-sno-hemingway-baby-shoes	Ernest Hemingway once won a bet by crafting a six-word short story.	Did Ernest Hemingway Write a Six-Word Story to Win a Bet?
vclaim-sno-henna-pecked	Temporary black henna tattoos can cause permanent scarring.	Henna Tattoo Scarring
vclaim-sno-hennepin-county-flag	On 14 August 2017, protesters removed and destroyed the county flag from the Hennepin County, Minnesota jail, and temporarily replaced it with an Antifa flag.	Did Protesters Burn a Minnesota County’s Flag and Raise an Anti-Fascist One at a Local Jail?
vclaim-sno-henry-kissinger-trump-one-true-leader	"Speaking of Donald Trump's presidency, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger referred to him as the ""one true leader."""	Did Henry Kissinger Say Donald Trump Is the ‘One True Leader’?
vclaim-sno-henry-winkler-death	'Happy Days' actor Henry Winkler passed away at the age of 77 in February 2019.	Did Henry ‘the Fonz’ Winkler Die at Age 77?
vclaim-sno-hepatitis-a-outbreak-in-san-diego	A major Hepatitis A outbreak in San Diego has been pinned on undocumented immigrants there.	Are ‘Illegal Immigrants’ To Blame For a Hepatitis A Outbreak in San Diego?
vclaim-sno-hepatitis-c-drug-prices	A treatment for a serious disease that costs $900 in India is sold for $84,000 in the United States because of corporate greed.	Hepatitis C Treatment Highlights Disparity in Worldwide Drug Prices
vclaim-sno-her-vacation-photo-went-viral	After spotting a ghostly figure in a photo, the photographer returned to the location, found car keys that matched an abandoned vehicle, and learned that a woman had mysteriously disappeared nearby.	Did a Hiker Photograph a Ghost and Find Car Keys in the Woods?
vclaim-sno-herb-carlyle-facebook-warning	A convicted sex offender named Herb Carlyle is using social media sites to interact with children.	Herb Carlyle Predator Warning
vclaim-sno-hercules-biggest-dog	A photograph shows Hercules, the world's biggest dog.	Is This Hercules, The World’s Biggest Dog?
vclaim-sno-here-my-dear	Marvin Gaye deliberately recorded a wretched album designed to sell poorly in order to cheat his ex-wife out of royalties.	Did Marvin Gaye Deliberately Record a Bad Album to Cheat His Ex-Wife Out of Royalties?
vclaim-sno-herky-jerky	Chicken jerky treats from China are causing illness in pets.	Are Chicken Jerky Treats From China Causing Illness in Pets?
vclaim-sno-herman-munster-life-lessons	"A video shows a genuine clip from the show ""The Munsters"" in which Herman Munster says: ""The lesson I want you to learn is it doesn't matter what you look like ... what does matter is the size of your heart and the strength of your character."""	Is This Clip of Herman Munster Giving Life Lessons Real?
vclaim-sno-hermit-crab-using-skull-shell	A photograph shows a hermit crab using a human skull as a shell.	Is This a Hermit Crab Using a Skull for a Shell?
vclaim-sno-hernandez-abatement-ab-initio	Due to an obscure Massachusetts legal doctrine, Aaron Hernandez's death vacates his conviction and entitles his family to $15 million under the terms of his severed NFL contract.	Will Aaron Hernandez’s Family Receive $15 Million from the NFL?
vclaim-sno-hero-ploy	"A video shows a Syrian ""hero boy"" walking into sniper fire and playing dead to save a young girl."	Syrian ‘Hero Boy’ Video
vclaim-sno-hero-wombats-australia-fires	Wombats are herding animals and inviting them into their burrows in order to escape the wildfires in Australia.	Are Wombats Inviting Animals Into Their Burrows to Escape Australia Fires?
vclaim-sno-heroin-od-with-child-in-car	A photograph taken by a responding police officer shows a couple passed out in their vehicle from a suspected heroin overdose, with their child in the back seat.	Ohio Police Post Graphic Photograph of Adults Passed Out from Heroin with Child in Car
vclaim-sno-heroin-sweetarts	Police have discovered heroin disguised as SweeTarts brand candy.	Did Police Find Heroin Disguised as SweeTarts?
vclaim-sno-hess-oil	Hess Oil does not buy product from Middle Eastern countries because it is “owned by a Jewish family.”	Hess Oil
vclaim-sno-heterosexual-near-death-experience	A gay man renounced homosexuality after a near-death experience.	Did a Gay Man ‘Turn Heterosexual’ After a Near-Death Experience?
vclaim-sno-hhs-allow-doctors-to-refuse-lgbtq	A new division of the Department of Health and Human Services will allow doctors to refuse to treat LGBTQ patients for religious reasons.	Will Health and Human Services Allow Doctors to Refuse to Treat LGBTQ Patients?
vclaim-sno-hickory-walmart-trafficking	A woman and her daughter narrowly avoided sex traffickers in the parking lot of a Hickory, North Carolina, Walmart.	Hickory (NC) Walmart Human Trafficking Warning
vclaim-sno-hiding-in-a-hotel-as-unlisted	"Individuals fleeing danger can request to be ""unlisted"" in a hotel so no one can find them."	Hiding in a Hotel as ‘Unlisted’
vclaim-sno-hiding-shotgun	Criminals are modifying Super Soaker water guns to conceal shotguns or other large firearms.	Shotgun Disguised as Water Gun or Super Soaker
vclaim-sno-high-chair-to-heaven	Baby left in a high chair to await the coming of the sitter is discovered dead by the vacationing parents when they return weeks later.	Baby High Chair Death
vclaim-sno-high-diving-giraffe-video	A video shows a group of giraffes trained to jump from a high dive.	Does This Video Shows Giraffes Jumping Off a High Dive?
vclaim-sno-high-five	President Obama ordered five first-line U.S. aircraft carriers into port together in a shocking breach of military protocol.	Five Nuclear Carriers in Harbor
vclaim-sno-high-flier	Texas' is the only state flag authorized to be flown at the same height as the U.S. national flag.	Texas Flag Flies at the Same Height as the U.S. Flag
vclaim-sno-high-income-earners-tax-rate	The marginal tax rate for high-earning individuals or families in 1980 was 70%.	Were High-Income Earners in U.S. Taxed at a 70% Rate in 1980?
vclaim-sno-high-school-band-police-shooting	The Forest Hill High School band performed a half-time show that depicted police officers being shot.	Did a High School Band Perform a Skit That Depicted Police Officers Being Shot?
vclaim-sno-high-school-bans-flags-from-football-games	A South Carolina high school principal banned U.S. flags from football games.	S.C. High School Bans American Flag from Football Games
vclaim-sno-high-school-confidential-2	Pacific Palisades High School placed an unusual message on their school telephone answering system.	Pacific Palisades High School Answering Machine Message
vclaim-sno-high-school-prom-nazi-salute	"Several male students at Baraboo High School were photographed performing the Nazi ""Sieg Heil"" salute."	Was a Group of High Schoolers Photographed Performing a Nazi Salute?
vclaim-sno-high-speed-hawaii	California is building a $587 billion high-speed rail link to Hawaii.	California Approves $587 Billion High-Speed Rail Link to Hawaii
vclaim-sno-high-steaks	A photograph shows a grocery receipt for steak and lobster purchased with food stamps.	Is This Receipt for Steak and Lobster Bought with Food Stamps Real?
vclaim-sno-high-wire-act	Photograph shows a moose hanging from power cables.	Moose Hanging from Power Cables
vclaim-sno-highest-marks	A student working his way through college is afraid that he will not have enough time outside of work to adequately prepare for an upcoming exam.  He begins taking amphetamines in order to stay awake and study throughout the day while continuing to work at night.  A few weeks later, he sits for his exam and leaves the room confident that he has done extremely well.  The next day, he is summoned to the instructor’s office and asked to explain why he handed in an exam consisting of nothing but sheets of paper covered with his own name.	Writing Exam While High
vclaim-sno-highway-closed-enemy-attack-signs	During the Cold War, road signs were posted outside major metropolitan areas warning that specific highways would be closed to civilian traffic in the event of enemy attack.	Were ‘Highway Closed in Event of Enemy Attack’ Signs Posted During the Cold War?
vclaim-sno-highway-plays-america-beautiful	"A portion of Route 66 in New Mexico plays ""America the Beautiful"" when you drive over it."	Highway Plays ‘America the Beautiful’
vclaim-sno-highway-sign-consider-canada	"A highway sign in Maryland told drivers to ""Consider Canada"" due to inauguration traffic."	Highway Sign Urged Drivers to ‘Consider Canada’ Due to Inauguration Traffic?
vclaim-sno-highway-traffic-california-wildfire	A dramatic video shows highway traffic along a large California wildfire in November 2018.	Does This Video Show Highway Traffic Near the November 2018 California Wildfire?
vclaim-sno-hijab-billboard-us	A photograph shows a billboard in the U.S. promoting the wearing of hijabs.	Did Billboards Displayed in the U.S. Promote the Hijab?
vclaim-sno-hijack-hush-up	A Muslim terrorist disguised in a burqa was killed trying to hijack a plane in Ohio, and the media purposely did not report the foiled plot.	Muslim Terrorist Killed While Trying to Hijack Airplane?
vclaim-sno-hijack-this	"Associated Press briefly carried a photo showing a sailor on the USS Enterprise signing a bomb with the words ""HIGH JACK THIS FAGS."""	‘Hijack This’ Photo
vclaim-sno-hillary-barnwell-body-double	A woman who appeared in New York after Hillary Clinton left a 9/11 memorial service for medical reasons was body double Teresa Barnwell, not Clinton herself.	Hillary ‘Body Double’ Teresa Barnwell Appeared in NYC After Clinton’s 9/11 Medical Incident?
vclaim-sno-hillary-bill-clinton-russia-sanctions-speech	That Hillary Clinton opposed sanctions against Russia because of speaking fees her husband received from a Russian bank, and that the Clinton campaign used undue influence to kill a Bloomberg story about the incident.	Did Hillary Clinton Side With Kremlin on Sanctions Due to a $500,000 Payment to Bill?
vclaim-sno-hillary-calls-voters-bucket-of-losers	"Leaked transcripts from Goldman Sachs speeches document that Hillary Clinton described progressive voters as a ""bucket of losers."""	Hillary Calls Voters ‘Bucket of Losers’ in Leaked Goldman Sachs Speech
vclaim-sno-hillary-caught-trashing-beyonce	Hillary Clinton trashed Beyonce using racial slurs at a November 2016 campaign event.	Hillary Caught on Hot Mic Trashing Beyoncé with Racial Slurs
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-1-year-to-live	Leaked medical records, combined with viral images and videos, prove that Hillary Clinton is suffering from subcortical vascular dementia and has only one year to live.	Hillary Clinton Diagnosed with Vascular Dementia, Has One Year to Live?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-800000-votes-non-citizens	An academic study cited by conservative news organizations and the Trump administration proved that Hillary Clinton received more than 800,000 non-citizen votes in the 2016 presidential election.	Did a Study Show That Hillary Clinton Received More Than 800,000 Votes from Non-Citizens in the 2016 Election?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-accidentally-gave-isis-400-million	Hillary Clinton accidentally paid ISIS $400 million.	Hillary Clinton ‘Accidentally’ Gave ISIS $400 Million
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-and-draftourdaughters	Hillary Clinton tweeted that we should #DraftOurDaughters, encouraging women to go to war.	Hillary Clinton and #DraftOurDaughters
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-anti-trump-website	Hillary Clinton used taxpayer dollars to found a website intended to discredit President Donald Trump.	Did Hillary Clinton Found an Anti-Trump Website with Taxpayer Dollars?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-armani-jacket	Hillary Clinton purchased a $12,000 Giorgio Armani jacket to deliver a speech about income inequality.	Hillary Clinton’s $12,000 Armani Jacket
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-arrest-navy-seals	On March 2, 2021, U.S. Navy SEALs arrested Hillary Clinton on suspicion of treason.	Did Navy SEALs Arrest Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-arrested-fbi-hoax	Hillary Clinton was arrested by the FBI on 1 April 2016.	Hillary Clinton Arrested by FBI
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-benghazi-msnbc	"Hillary Clinton overlooked Benghazi victims when she said that ""we didn't lose a single person in Libya"" during a campaign event on MSNBC."	Hillary Clinton: ‘We Didn’t Lose a Single Person’ in Libya
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-blackface-photo	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton in blackface and Bill Clinton dressed as a hillbilly.	Did Hillary Clinton Wear Blackface at a Costume Party?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-blames-racism-for-cincinnati-gorillas-death	Hillary Clinton blamed racism for the death of a gorilla in a Cincinnati zoo.	Hillary Clinton Blames Racism for Cincinnati Gorilla’s Death
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-bought-137-million-worth-of-illegal-arms	The Clinton Foundation has purchased over $137 million of illegal arms and ammunition	Hillary Clinton Bought $137 Million Worth of Illegal Arms
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-broomstick-one	"Secret Service and military personnel have used the designation ""Broomstick One"" for aircraft carrying Hillary Clinton."	Secret Service Agents Called Hillary Clinton’s Airplane ‘Broomstick One’?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-buys-weather-channel-ads-during-hurricane-matthew	Hillary Clinton's campaign purchased political ads on the Weather Channel during Hurricane Matthew.	Hillary Clinton Buys Weather Channel Ads During Hurricane Matthew?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-called-trans-pacific-partnership-the-gold-standard	"Hillary Clinton once lauded the Trans-Pacific Partnership (which she later opposed) as setting the ""gold standard"" in trade agreements."	Did Hillary Clinton Call the Trans-Pacific Partnership the ‘Gold Standard’ in Trade Agreements?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-calls-for-americans-to-respect-and-empathize-with-isis	Hillary Clinton made a speech calling for Americans to respect and empathize with ISIS.	Hillary Clinton Calls for Americans to Respect and Empathize with ISIS?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-communes-with-the-spirit-of-eleanor-roosevelt	"A video shows Bill Clinton saying that his wife Hillary Clinton ""communed"" with the spirit of Eleanor Roosevelt."	Hillary Clinton ‘Communes’ with the Spirit of Eleanor Roosevelt
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-dead-and-cloned	The real Hillary Clinton has been dead since 1998 and was replaced with a clone.	Hillary Clinton Is Actually Dead and Has Been Cloned
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-defibrillator	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton wearing a defibrillator under her clothes at a campaign event.	Hillary Clinton Wears a Defibrillator?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-demanded-this-photo-be-removed	A photograph depicts an unkempt Hillary Clinton, and she has demanded that it be scrubbed from the internet.	Hillary Clinton Demanded This Photo Be Removed
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-disbarred	Hillary Clinton was disbarred and stripped of her license to practice law.	Hillary Clinton Disbarred
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-disqualified	Hillary Clinton is disqualified from holding the office of President under the provisions of U.S. Code Title 18, Section 2071.	Hillary Clinton Disqualified by U.S. Code Title 18, Section 2071
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-documentary-missouri	Hillary Clinton was accidentally killed during the filming of a documentary about her.	Was Hillary Clinton Killed Filming a Documentary in Missouri?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-donations-clinton-foundation	Of the $1,042,000 in charitable donations Hillary Clinton deducted on her 2015 tax return, $1 million went into her own pocket via donations to the Clinton Foundation.	Hillary Clinton Cut Her Tax Bill by ‘Donating’ $1 Million to Herself via the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-dorian	"Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asked for ""huge"" donations to the Clinton Foundation to help with Hurricane Dorian relief in September 2019."	Did Hillary Clinton Ask for ‘Huge’ Donations to the Clinton Foundation for Hurricane Dorian Victims?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-embraces-the-woman-card	Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is sending out pink “Woman Cards” to those who donate to her campaign.	Hillary Clinton Embraces the ‘Woman Card’
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-farms-estate-tax	Hillary Clinton has proposed a 65% estate tax rate which would force farm families to give up their businesses.	Hillary Clinton Targets Family Farms with 65% Estate Tax?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-files-for-divorce-in-new-york-courts	Hillary Clinton filed for divorce from Bill Clinton in November 2016.	Hillary Clinton Files for Divorce in New York Courts
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-fill-senate-seat	Hillary Clinton was named to fill an open U.S. Senate seat in New York, vacated by a senator who resigned after being indicted for fraud.	Hillary Clinton Appointed to Replace Disgraced US Senator?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-found-dead	Hillary Clinton was found dead in May 2017.	Hillary Clinton Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-freed-child-rapist-laughed-about-it	Hillary Clinton successfully defended an accused child rapist and later laughed about the case.	Did Hillary Clinton Free a Child Rapist?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-goldman-sachs	The transcript of Hillary Clinton's speech to finance giant Goldman Sachs was leaked and published online.	Transcript for Hillary Clinton’s Speech to Goldman Sachs Leaked?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-grab-crotch	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton grabbing a man's crotch.	WikiLeaks Releases Candid Photos of Hillary Clinton Grabbing a Man’s Crotch
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-had-drunken-meltdown-after-losing-the-election	Hillary Clinton threw a violent tantrum after losing the 2016 presidential election.	Hillary Clinton Had Drunken Meltdown After Losing the Election?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-has-parkinsons-disease	Photos and video clips narrated by a medical doctor demonstrate that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton likely has Parkinson's disease.	Did a Physician Confirm Hillary Clinton Has Parkinson’s Disease?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-hijab-campaign-ad	Hillary Clinton donned a hijab for a new campaign ad.	Hillary Clinton Hijab Campaign Ad
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-hunting-expedition	Hillary Clinton was killed while on a hunting expedition with 'some of Washington’s elite.'	Was Hillary Clinton Killed During a Hunting Expedition?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-hurricane-irma-florida-hillbillies	"Hillary Clinton made fun of hurricane Irma victims and called them ""Florida hillbillies."""	Was Hillary Clinton Caught on Tape Laughing About Irma’s ‘Wiping Out All of Those Florida Hillbillies?‘
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-iraq-vote-bribe	Hillary Clinton admitted her Iraq War vote was elicited in exchange for money provided by the Bush administration to help rebuild New York City after the 9/11 attacks.	Was Hillary Clinton Bribed for Her Iraq War Vote?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-killed-fbi-raid	Hillary Clinton was killed during an FBI raid on the Clintons' New York home.	Was Hillary Clinton Killed During an FBI Raid?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-lost-6-billion-at-state-dept	$6 billion went missing from the U.S. State Department while Hillary Clinton was in charge.	Hillary Clinton Lost $6 Billion at the State Department?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-marriage-is-always-between-a-man-and-a-woman	"Hillary Clinton said in 2000 that she believed marriage was ""always between a man and a woman."""	Hillary Clinton: ‘Marriage Is Always Between a Man and a Woman’
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-medical-records-leaked	Leaked medical records document that Hillary Clinton exhibits signs of dementia and serious illness.	Hillary Clinton Medical Records ‘Leaked’
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-meets-osama-bin-laden	Photograph shows Hillary Clinton shaking hands with Osama bin Laden.	Hillary Clinton Meets Osama bin Laden
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-noose	Hillary Clinton said that If Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election, 'We're all going to hang from nooses'?	Did Hillary Clinton Say That If Trump Won, ‘We’re All Going to Hang from Nooses’?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-nurses	Hillary Clinton disparaged nurses in the 1990s, remarking that they were just overpaid 'maids' or 'babysitters.'	Hillary Clinton: ‘Nurses Are Just Overpaid Maids’
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-rare-disease	Hillary Clinton died suddenly of a previously unknown medical condition.	Did Hillary Clinton Die Unexpectedly of a Rare Disease?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-rated-admired-woman-twenty-times	"Hillary Clinton has been rated ""most admired woman"" by Gallup polls 21 times."	Hillary Clinton Rated ‘Most Admired Woman’ More Than Twenty Times
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-refused-to-congratulate-american-gold-medalist	Hillary Clinton refused to congratulate American gold medalist Ginny Thrasher.	Hillary Clinton Refused to Congratulate American Gold Medalist?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-regularly-had-her-maid-print-classified-documents	Hillary Clinton regularly directed her maid Marina Santos to print out classified material despite the fact she lacked proper clearance to do so.	Hillary Clinton Regularly Had Her Maid Print Classified Documents
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-rfk-comment	Hillary Clinton cited Robert F. Kennedy's June 1968 assassination as a reason to remain in the presidential race against Barack Obama in 2008.	Hillary Clinton Referenced RFK Assassination as Reason to Continue 2008 Campaign
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-right-to-be-believed	"A page on Hillary Clinton's campaign web site about campus sexual assault was edited to remove wording about a victim's ""right to be believed."""	Hillary Clinton Sexual Assault Page Edited to Remove ‘Right to be Believed’?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-robert-mueller-uranium	Then-Secretary of State Clinton ordered then-FBI Director Robert Mueller to deliver highly enriched uranium to the Russians in a secret plane-side meeting in 2009.	Did Hillary Clinton Tell FBI’s Mueller to Deliver Uranium to Russians in 2009 ‘Secret Tarmac Meeting’?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-sat-monsanto-board	Hillary Clinton is (or was) a member of Monsanto's board of directors.	Hillary Clinton Sat on the Monsanto Board?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-secret-earpiece	Hillary Clinton wore a 'secret earpiece' at NBC's Commander-In-Chief forum.	Hillary Clinton Wore ‘Secret Earpiece’ During Commander-in-Chief Forum
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-secret-plane-crash	Wikileaks documents reveal Hillary Clinton was gravely injured in a plane crash during a secret mission to Iran in 2012.	Was Hillary Clinton Seriously Injured in a Secret Plane Crash?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-secretly-opposes-equality	An e-mail chain revealed by WikiLeaks documents that Hillary Clinton privately maintains an anti-marriage equality stance while publicly stating otherwise.	Does Hillary Clinton Still Secretly Oppose Marriage Equality?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-security-threat-slide	A United States Army training slide labeled Hillary Clinton as an insider threat.	Hillary Clinton Listed As Threat in Army Training Slide
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-seizure-video	Hillary Clinton experienced a brief seizure while speaking on-camera in June 2016.	Hillary Clinton Has a Seizure on Camera?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-sharia-law	"Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton once said, ""I think Sharia Law will be a powerful new direction of freedom and democracy for the women of Libya."""	Hillary Clinton Touts Sharia Law as ‘Powerful New Direction’ for Women
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-slipping-on-stairs	An image shows that Hillary Clinton needs help walking up stairs is the 'latest evidence' that she is in poor health.	Photograph of Hillary Clinton Slipping on Stairs Circulated as Proof of Poor Health
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-smash-phone-hammer	Hillary Clinton used a hammer to smash her mobile phone during an FBI investigation.	Did Hillary Clinton Smash Her Phone with a Hammer?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-snuff-film	"An ""extreme snuff film"" in which Hillary Clinton and aide Huma Abedin are seen raping and mutilating a prepubescent girl is circulating on the dark web under the code name ""Frazzledrip."""	Is a Hillary Clinton ‘Snuff Film’ Circulating on the Dark Web?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-sponsored-a-bill-to-punish-flag-burning	In 2005, Senator Hillary Clinton co-sponsored a bill to make flag burning a punishable offense.	Hillary Clinton Sponsored a Bill to Punish Flag Burning?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-staged-hiking-photograph	Hillary Clinton staged a photo op encounter  with a hiker the day after she lost the 2016 presidential election.	Hillary Clinton Staged Hiking Photograph?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-started-birther-movement	"Hillary Clinton and/or members of her 2008 presidential campaign started the ""birther"" movement questioning whether Barack Obama was born in the U.S."	Did Clinton Supporters Start the ‘Birther’ Movement?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-stole-white-house-furniture	"The Clintons were forced to return an estimated $200,000 in furniture, china and art they ""stole"" from the White House."	Did Hillary Clinton Steal $200,000 in White House Furnishings?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-stupid-quote	Hillary Clinton said that Democratic voters are 'stupid' and  'easy to manipulate.'	Did Hillary Clinton Say Democratic Voters Are Stupid?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-supporter-stands-on-american-flag	"An image depicts a Hillary Clinton supporter standing on an American flag while waving a ""Hillary for President 2016"" banner."	Hillary Clinton Supporter Stands on American Flag
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-suppressed-haitis-minimum-wage	As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton artificially depressed Haiti's minimum wage; that action was part of a larger plan by the Clinton Foundation to profit from the country.	Did Hillary Clinton Suppress Haiti’s Minimum Wage?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-teleprompter-debate	Hillary Clinton had a teleprompter hidden on her lectern during the first presidential debate.	Hillary Clinton Used a Teleprompter During the Presidential Debate?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-threw-a-tantrum-with-matt-lauer	"Hillary Clinton threw a tantrum, and a water glass, after NBC's ""Commander-in-Chief"" Forum in September 2016."	Did Hillary Clinton Throw a Tantrum with Matt Lauer?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-told-seventeen-magazine-she-didnt-want-her-daughter-marrying-a-black-man	Hillary Clinton said that she would be 'disappointed' if her daughter Chelsea married a black man.	Hillary Clinton Told ‘Seventeen’ Magazine She Didn’t Want Her Daughter Marrying a Black Man?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-topless-1960s	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton and her college roommate walking topless in the 1960s.	Hillary Clinton Went Topless in the 1960s?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-trashed-michelle-obama-in-a-leaked-e-mail	Hillary Clinton said several insulting things about Michelle Obama in a leaked 20 October 2016 e-mail.	Did Hillary Clinton Trash Michelle Obama in a Leaked E-Mail?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-trial-benghazi	"Hillary Clinton was ""'on trial' for Benghazi"" in June 2020, but the news of it was obscured by other events."	Was Hillary Clinton Recently ‘On Trial’ for Benghazi?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-truck-mishap	Hillary Clinton was killed when she was hit by an out-of-control truck.	Was Hillary Clinton Killed in a Monster Truck Mishap?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-uranium-russia-deal	Sec. of State Hillary Clinton's approval of a deal to transfer control of 20% of U.S. uranium deposits to a Russian company was a quid pro quo exchange for donations to the Clinton Foundation.	Did Hillary Clinton Give 20% of United States’ Uranium to Russia in Exchange for Clinton Foundation Donations?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-used-green-screen-to-make-a-fake-crowd-in-nevada	Hillary Clinton used a green screen to add fake audience members during her August 2016 speech in Nevada.	Hillary Clinton Used Green Screen to Make a Fake Crowd in Nevada
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-used-model-from-syphilis-psa	Hillary Clinton's campaign created a #ManEnough4Hillary ad featuring a male model also associated with a syphilis PSA.	Hillary Clinton Used Model from Syphilis PSA?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-victims-of-war	"Hillary Clinton once said that ""women have always been the primary victims of war."""	Hillary Clinton and the Victims of War
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-was-responsible-for-the-waco-massacre	Hillary Clinton was responsible for the siege on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas, that ended with 76 civilian deaths.	Hillary Clinton Was Responsible for the Waco Massacre?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-watergate	Hillary Clinton was fired from the House Judiciary Committee's Watergate investigation by Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman.	Did Jerry Zeifman Fire Hillary Clinton from the Watergate Investigation?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clinton-whisper-audio-glitch	"An unknown third party whispered the word ""dozens"" to Hillary Clinton during the third presidential debate."	Hillary Clinton ‘Whisper’ Audio Glitch
vclaim-sno-hillary-clintons-basement-dwellers	"Hillary Clinton called millennial supporters of Bernie Sanders ""basement dwellers."""	Hillary Clinton Fundraiser Recording
vclaim-sno-hillary-clintons-popular-vote-win-came-entirely-from-california	Hillary Clinton's popular vote win in the presidential election came entirely from the state of California.	Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Win Came Entirely from California
vclaim-sno-hillary-clintons-positive-political-ads	Hillary Clinton has never issued a political advertisement touting her own accomplishments.	Hillary Clinton Has Run No Positive Political Ads?
vclaim-sno-hillary-clintons-premature-celebration	A video shows Chelsea, Bill, and Hillary Clinton prematurely celebrating a presidential election victory on 8 November 2016.	Hillary Clinton’s Premature Victory Celebration
vclaim-sno-hillary-crossed-fingers	A photograph shows a soldier crossing his fingers to signal he was coerced into posing with Hillary Clinton.	What is This Soldier Photographed with Hillary Clinton Signaling?
vclaim-sno-hillary-get-wish-about-trump	A photograph proves Hillary Clinton wanted someone like Donald Trump to run for office.	Did Hillary Clinton Get ‘Her Wish’ That Trump Would Run for Office?
vclaim-sno-hillary-hemispheric-government	Hillary Clinton wants to bring an end to the United States as we know it in favor of a 'hemispheric government.'	Hillary Calls for the End of the U.S. and One ‘Hemispheric’ Government
vclaim-sno-hillary-laughs-as-under-god-removed-from-pledge	"A video shows Hillary Clinton laughing as the words ""under God"" were removed from the Pledge of Allegiance."	Did Hillary Clinton Laugh at ‘Under God’ Being Removed from the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-hillary-or-karl	List reproduces various “Marxist” statements made by Hillary Clinton.	‘Marxist’ Quotes from Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-hillary-sand-wikileaks-dump	"Hillary Clinton called Muslims ""sand n*ggers"" in an email leaked by Wikileaks."	Hillary Refers to Muslims as ‘Sand N*****s’ in WikiLeaks Dump?
vclaim-sno-hillary-trash-talk-obama	Katie Couric banished Hillary Clinton from her set in August 2017 after Clinton used a racist word to describe President Obama.	Was Hillary Clinton Caught on a Hot Mic Trash-Talking Obama?
vclaim-sno-hillary-vs-hillary	Hillary Clinton was named after famed mountain climber Sir Edmund Hillary.	Hillary Clinton Named for Sir Edmund Hillary?
vclaim-sno-hillarys-recovered-e-mails-reveal-republican-gun-grab-plan	Recovered e-mails belonging to former secretary of state Hillary Clinton have revealed plans to seize guns from Republicans on 8 November 2016.	Hillary’s Recovered E-Mails Reveal Republican Gun Grab Plan
vclaim-sno-himalayas-visible-india-30-years	In April 2020, the Himalayas were visible from northern India for the first time in 30 years.	Are the Himalayas Visible from Northern India for First Time in 30 Years?
vclaim-sno-hindu-goddess-kali-empire-state-building	An image of the Hindu goddess Kali was projected onto the Empire State Building.	Empire Goddess
vclaim-sno-hindu-red-dot	The red dot on a Hindu woman's forehead is nothing more than an indicator of her marital status.	Hindu Red Dot
vclaim-sno-hipaa-medical-hack-insurance-claim-denials	Patients can circumvent insurance company claim denials by requesting a specific form of documentation, as the insurance company will opt to simply cover the cost rather than provide the paperwork.	Does a HIPAA ‘Medical Hack’ Avoid Insurance Claim Denials?
vclaim-sno-hippo-eats-dwarf	A circus dwarf bounced sideways off a trampoline and was swallowed by a hippopotamus.	Hippo Eats Dwarf
vclaim-sno-hiroshima-vs-detroit	A set of photos draws a realistic comparison between the rebuilt city of Hiroshima 65 years after it was destroyed by an atomic bomb and the present-day urban decay of Detroit after 65 years of governance by the Democratic Party.	Hiroshima vs. Detroit
vclaim-sno-his-airness-returns	Michael Jordan will return to the NBA at age 52 to play for the Charlotte Hornets.	Michael Jordan Announces Comeback, Will Suit Up for Charlotte Hornets
vclaim-sno-hispanic-leaders-speak-out	List reproduces quotes from various Hispanic leaders and newspaper articles regarding U.S. immigrants.	Hispanic Leaders Speak Out!
vclaim-sno-historic-change	New U.S. dollar coins were designed with the motto “In God We Trust” omitted.	New Dollar Coins and ‘In God We Trust’
vclaim-sno-historic-proportions	Historian David Kaiser or Timothy Wood penned an article cautioning that “Something of historic proportions is happening.”	Something of Historic Proportions Is Happening
vclaim-sno-history-lessened	“Little History Lesson” article accurately explains origins of many common phrases.	Etymology of ‘Little History Lesson’
vclaim-sno-hit-the-floor	A nervous old lady dives for the elevator floor when a black man gets on and gruffly asks her to ‘hit four.’	Hit the Floor!
vclaim-sno-hitler-1933-wsj-article	"A 1933 Wall Street Journal article reported expectations that Hitler would not ""disrupt"" Germany."	Did a 1933 Article Report That Hitler Would Not ‘Disrupt’ Germany?
vclaim-sno-hitler-chemical-weapons-spicer-assad	Adolf Hitler never used chemical weapons (against his own people).	Adolf Hitler Never Used Chemical Weapons?
vclaim-sno-hitler-control-quote	"Adolf Hitler said that the best way to control a people is to ""take a little of their freedom at a time."""	Adolf Hitler on How to ‘Take Control Over a People’
vclaim-sno-hitler-defund-police	Upon assuming power in Germany, Hitler ordered the defunding and elimination of police departments.	Did Hitler Defund and Eliminate Police Departments?
vclaim-sno-hitler-holding-bible	A photograph shows Adolf Hitler holding a bible in a crowd.	Does This Picture Show Hitler Holding a Bible?
vclaim-sno-hitler-nazis-capitalist-system	Adolf Hitler was a “leftist” who stated that Nazis “are socialists [and] mortal enemies of the present capitalist economic system.”	Did Adolf Hitler Say That Nazis Are ‘Mortal Enemies of the Present Capitalist Economic System’?
vclaim-sno-hitler-op-ed	The New York Times published an op-ed by Adolf Hitler in 1941.	Was Op-Ed by Hitler Published by New York Times in 1941?
vclaim-sno-hitler-psychological-profile	A meme reproduces a portion of a psychological profile of Adolf Hitler commissioned by the U.S. Office of Strategic Services (OSS).	Is This an Excerpt from Hitler’s Psychological Profile?
vclaim-sno-hitler-start-wwiii	A book about Hitler quotes him as saying that he would start a third world war — after his death.	Did Adolf Hitler Say He Would Start World War III After His Death?
vclaim-sno-hitler-time-magazine-1938	Adolf Hitler was named 'Man of the Year' by Time magazine in 1938.	Was Adolf Hitler Named ‘Man of the Year’ by TIME Magazine in 1938?
vclaim-sno-hitman-scam	"""Hitmen"" who have been hired to kill you change their minds — for a fee."	‘Hit Man’ Extortion Scam
vclaim-sno-hits-the-nail-on-the-head	Essay by comedian David Letterman (or Jay Leno) urges Americans to focus on the positive.	David Letterman on President Bush
vclaim-sno-hiv-in-canned-food-warning	The government of Thailand issued a warning about canned food contaminated with HIV.	Warning Issued by Thailand About HIV in Canned Food?
vclaim-sno-hiv-infected-needle-attacks	Madmen are injecting HIV-infected blood into unsuspecting moviegoers and random young people dancing in bars or at raves.	HIV-Infected Needle Attacks
vclaim-sno-hiv-manicure	A woman in Brazil contracted HIV during a manicure.	Did a Woman Contract HIV During a Manicure?
vclaim-sno-hiv-needles-gas-pump-handles	Service station customers are getting stuck by HIV-loaded syringes affixed to gas pump handles.	Are Motorists Finding HIV-Infected Needles on Gas Pump Handles?
vclaim-sno-hiv-treatment-funds-immigrants	The Department of Health and Human Services requested that funding for the Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program be used for detainment of immigrant children.	Are Federal HIV Treatment Funds Being Used for Immigrant Internment?
vclaim-sno-hm-release-equally-racist-collection	"H&M created an ""Equally Racist"" collection featuring children of various ethnicities in offensive clothing."	H&M to Release ‘Equally Racist’ Collection as Apology to Black People?
vclaim-sno-hoa-lawn-flag	A photograph depicts a man who painted his lawn to look like an American flag because his homeowners' association wouldn't let him fly one.	Did a Man Spitefully Paint His Lawn Like a Flag?
vclaim-sno-hoax-round-up	"The CEO of Snopes.com has been arrested, amidst other ""scandals"" involving the fact-checking site."	Hoaxes and Misinformation About Snopes.com
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby-ceo-slaves	Hobby Lobby's CEO claimed not being able to own slaves violates his religious freedom.	Did Hobby Lobby CEO Say Not Being Able to Own Slaves Violates Religious Freedom?
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby-coronavirus	Hobby Lobby CEO David Green is refusing to close stores during the COVID-19 pandemic because his wife, Barbara, received a message from God saying that employees would be kept safe.	Is Hobby Lobby Refusing To Close Stores Because of a Message from God?
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby-cotton	"Hobby Lobby came ""under fire"" by liberals for using cotton in their home decor products."	Are ‘Liberals’ Getting Offended over Hobby Lobby’s Cotton Decor?
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby-refuse-sell-jewish-holiday-items	The arts and crafts chain Hobby Lobby does not sell Jewish holiday items at any of their stores.	Does Hobby Lobby Refuse to Sell Jewish Holiday Items?
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby-white-lives-matter	"Hobby Lobby CEO David Green donated $14.88 million to ""White Lives Matter."""	No, Hobby Lobby’s CEO Didn’t Donate $14.88M to ‘White Lives Matter’
vclaim-sno-hobby-lobby	The Hobby Lobby chain is closing all its stores in protest over a federal contraceptives mandate.	Is Hobby Lobby Closing All Their Stores?
vclaim-sno-hockey-pucks-shooting-defense	Students and faculty at Oakland University were given hockey pucks to use in the event of a mass shooting attack.	Did a College Give Students Hockey Pucks to Use Against Mass Shootings?
vclaim-sno-hocus-pocus-2	"Disney confirmed the film ""Hocus Pocus 2"" was in production in 2015, more than 20 years after the release of the original ""Hocus Pocus."""	Did Disney Release This ‘Hocus Pocus 2’ Movie Poster?
vclaim-sno-hoity-toity	The term “hoity-toity” comes  from the French words	Etymology of Hoity-Toity
vclaim-sno-hold-that-tiger	The Rev. Al Sharpton chided Tiger Woods for a lack of racial diversity in the mistresses he chose.	Sharpton Chides Tiger Woods
vclaim-sno-holiday-hate	A holiday shopping flier included an anti-Semitic message.	Did a Hanukkah Flier Contain an Anti-Semitic Message?
vclaim-sno-holiday-mail-heroes	"Americans can send holiday cards to service members and veterans through the ""Holiday Mail for Heroes"" program."	Holiday Mail for Heroes
vclaim-sno-holiday-party	E-mails from a company's Human Resources Director document the difficulties of office holiday party planning.	Holiday Party
vclaim-sno-holiday-safe-ride-program	The AAA offers a free nationwide towing service during the holidays for motorists who have had too much to drink.	Holiday Safe Ride Program
vclaim-sno-holistic-doctor-big-pharma	"Justine Damond became one of dozens of holistic doctors fighting ""Big Pharma"" who suspiciously died."	Was a Holistic Doctor Killed by Police for Working Against ‘Big Pharma’?
vclaim-sno-holistic-doctor-death-conspiracy	In just over a year, more than sixty holistic health practitioners have died suspicious deaths, and the media refuses to acknowledge that these deaths might be linked.	Have Sixty Holistic Doctors Died Suspicious Deaths In the Past Year?
vclaim-sno-hollow-point-ammunition-ban	Twenty-three states have agreed to enact a total ban on all forms of hollow point ammunition.	23 States Agree to Implement Gun Control Law Banning Hollow Point Ammunition
vclaim-sno-hollywood-sign-altered-hollyweed	"Pranksters briefly changed California's iconic ""Hollywood"" sign to read ""Hollyweed."""	Was California’s Iconic ‘Hollywood’ Sign Altered to Read ‘Hollyweed’?
vclaim-sno-hollywood-sign-hollyboob	"Six people were arrested on Feb. 1, 2021, after temporarily altering the Hollywood sign to read “Hollyboob."""	Were 6 People Arrested for Changing ‘Hollywood’ Sign to ‘Hollyboob’?
vclaim-sno-hollywood-strike-trump-resigns	Hollywood is going on strike until Donald Trump resigns from the presidency.	Is Hollywood Going on Strike Until Donald Trump Resigns?
vclaim-sno-holocaust-museum-warning-signs-fascism	"The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. has a display listing off ""early warning signs"" of an encroaching fascist government."	Did a Holocaust Museum Display a Poster Listing ‘Early Warning Signs of Fascism’?
vclaim-sno-holocaust-teaching-ban-uk	Schools in the UK no longer teach about the Holocaust for fear of offending Muslim students.	Holocaust Teaching Ban in the UK?
vclaim-sno-holy-day-game	The Boston Red Sox are postponing their 2009 home opener to avoid a conflict with Passover.	Boston Red Sox Postponing Home Opener for Passover
vclaim-sno-holy-smoke	The exclamation ‘Holy smoke’ derives from the burning of the ballots used to elect a Pope.	Etymology of ‘Holy Smoke’
vclaim-sno-home-affairs-robbery-census	"A viral social media warning in September 2019 described an actual robbery scam by criminals posing as ""Home Affairs"" officials."	Did Fake ‘Home Affairs’ Officials Commit a Census-Linked Robbery Scam?
vclaim-sno-home-alone-ticket-thrown-away	"Kevin McCallister's airline ticket was thrown in the trash by accident in the 1990 film ""Home Alone."""	Was Kevin’s Ticket Thrown Away in ‘Home Alone’?
vclaim-sno-home-alone-world-trade-center	"A portion of a scene in ""Home Alone 2: Lost in New York,"" which depicted the World Trade Center's twin towers, was missing from the film's December 2020 broadcast on the Freeform channel."	Was Part of a Twin Towers Scene in ‘Home Alone 2’ Cut for TV?
vclaim-sno-home-depot-bee-pesticides	Home Depot is selling plants treated with bee-harming neonicotinoid pesticides.	Is Home Depot Selling Plants Treated with Bee-Harming Neonicotinoid Pesticides?
vclaim-sno-home-depot-cofounder-endorses-donald-trump	Home Depot co-founder and CEO Bernie Marcus endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Home Depot Co-Founder Endorses Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-home-depot-facebook-coupon-scam	Home Depot is giving Facebook users a sizeable coupon if they complete a survey or share a post.	Home Depot Facebook Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-home-depot-hat-response	A Home Depot representative posted a caustic social media comment in response to a Fox News article.	Thank You for Sharing, Fox News
vclaim-sno-home-depot-recalled-ceiling-fans	Some Hampton Bay ceiling fans sold exclusively by Home Depot were recalled by King of Fans, Inc. after consumers reported that the fan blades had detached while in operation.	Were Home Depot Ceiling Fans Recalled after Blades Detached?
vclaim-sno-home-depot-trump-border-wall	Home Depot sponsored 129 miles of U.S. President Donald Trump's U.S.-Mexico border wall.	Did Home Depot Sponsor 129 Miles of Trump’s U.S.-Mexico Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-home-depot-veteran	A Home Depot manager in Spokane Valley, WA, rudely refused to provide a veterans discount to a customer.	Did a Home Depot Manager Refuse to Provide a Veterans Discount?
vclaim-sno-home-depot	A Home Depot store called police to remove an ambulance that was posting in their parking lot.	Home Depot Ambulance
vclaim-sno-home-despot	The Home Depot chain of stores is declining to do business with the federal government.	Home Depot and the Federal Government
vclaim-sno-home-invasion-thwarted	"Two armed ""illegal aliens"" perpetrating a home invasion were killed by an 11-year-old girl with a shotgun."	Did an 11-Year-Old Girl Shoot and Kill ‘Illegal Aliens’ Burglarizing Her Home?
vclaim-sno-home-on-the-million-dollar-range	An emailed item shows five homes owned by Senator John Kerry and worth many millions of dollars.	Are These John Kerry’s Houses?
vclaim-sno-home-pregnancy-tests-detect-testicular-cancer	A home pregnancy test can detect testicular cancer.	Home Pregnancy Tests Detect Testicular Cancer?
vclaim-sno-home-run	A provision of Obamacare allows federal agents to conduct forced home inspections and remove children from the custody of their parents.	Obamacare Allows Forced Home Inspections
vclaim-sno-home-sales-tax	A provision of “Obamacare” health care legislation creates a 3.8% Medicare tax on real estate transactions.	Home Sales Tax
vclaim-sno-homeland-security-indicts-hillary	The Department of Homeland Security chairman has officially indicted Hillary Clinton on charges of treason.	Department of Homeland Security Chairman Officially Indicts Hillary Clinton of Treason
vclaim-sno-homeless-go-back-to-africa-sign	"A photograph shows a man standing on a street corner holding a large sign that reads ""Homeless Niggers Go Back to Africa."""	Is This a Real Photograph of a Man Holding a ‘Homeless N*****s Go Back to Africa’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-homeless-in-the-range	The U.S. government has announced plans to track homeless persons by implanting them with RFID chips.	Homeless Implanted with RFID Chips?
vclaim-sno-homeless-man-vs-corporate-thief	An article contrasts the disparate sentences given to Roy Brown and Paul R. Allen.	Did a Hungry Homeless Man Who Stole $100 Receive a Far Heavier Sentence Than a White-Collar Thief?
vclaim-sno-homeless-veteran-dying-bush	A pair of photographs shows a severely dehydrated homeless veteran on the streets of Los Angeles.	Do These Photographs Show a Homeless Veteran Dying Under a Bush?
vclaim-sno-homeless-woman-frozen-baby	A photograph shows a homeless woman outside in the cold holding a dead baby.	Homeless Woman Holds Frozen Baby on Bench
vclaim-sno-homeopathic-drugs-now-illegal	The FDA has ruled that homeopathic drugs are now illegal.	Are All Homeopathic Drugs Now Illegal?
vclaim-sno-homeowner-trapped-installing-christmas-decorations	A photograph shows a holiday display depicting a homeowner trapped by a fallen ladder while installing Christmas decorations.	Was a Homeowner Trapped While Installing Christmas Decorations?
vclaim-sno-hometown-buffett	"Warren Buffett quipped that he could end the deficit by passing ""a law that says anytime there is a deficit of more than 3% of GDP, all sitting members of Congress are ineligible for re-election."	Did Warren Buffett Suggest This Plan That Could Fix the Budget Deficit?
vclaim-sno-homework-spelled-backwards	"Homework spelled backwards —  i.e. ""krowemoh"" — translates to ""child abuse"" in Latin."	Does ‘Homework’ Spelled Backwards Mean ‘Child Abuse’ in Latin?
vclaim-sno-homicide-victims-with-restraining-orders	20 percent of women killed in Intimate Partner Homicides (IPH) who had restraining orders were killed within two days of obtaining it.	Are 20 Percent of Homicide Victims with Restraining Orders Killed Soon After Obtaining Them?
vclaim-sno-honda-cog-commercial	A complicated Honda Accord commercial was achieved without the use of computer-generated images.	Is This ‘Honda Cog’ Commercial Truly CGI-Free?
vclaim-sno-honey-and-cinnamon-cure	Honey and cinnamon possess significant medicinal virtues.	Facts on Honey and Cinnamon
vclaim-sno-honey-bees-cook-murder-hornets	"A photograph shows a group of honeybees ""cooking"" a ""murder hornet"" to death."	Can Honeybees ‘Cook’ a ‘Murder Hornet’ Alive?
vclaim-sno-honey-browser-extension	The browser extension Honey provides coupons for online shoppers and enables consumers to accrue purchase rebates.	Does the Honey Browser Extension Work?
vclaim-sno-hong-kong-protesters-projectors	A video shows protesters in Hong Kong using wearable projectors to foil facial recognition technology.	Does a Video Show Hong Kong Protesters Using Wearable Projectors to Avoid Facial Recognition?
vclaim-sno-honor-barred	"A student was forced to remove his ""Help 4 Heroes"" wristband because it might offend Muslims."	Student Forced to Remove Help 4 Heroes Wristband
vclaim-sno-honor-guard	List describes the duties and obligations of honor guards at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.	Does Arlington National Cemetery’s Honor Guard Follow These Strict Rules?
vclaim-sno-hooray-for-heywood	Newspaper reporters fall for old funny name gags.	Hooray for Heywood
vclaim-sno-hooters-valentines-day-special	Hooters Restaurants are offering a special deal to customers who bring in photographs of their exes on Valentine's Day.	Hooter’s Valentine’s Day Special Promises Free Wings for Photos of Your Ex
vclaim-sno-hoover-dam-bodies	Bodies of workmen are entombed in Hoover Dam.	Hoover Dam Entombments
vclaim-sno-hope-springs-eternal	A man was burned to death attempting to rescue his dog from a boiling hot spring.	Man Burns to Death Rescuing Dog from Hot Springs
vclaim-sno-hopping-mad	Photograph shows a dogfighting event sponsored by Heineken.	Heineken Banners in Dogfighting Photo
vclaim-sno-horngus-of-a-dongfish	"An image shows the ""horngus of a dongfish,"" which is ""attached by a scungle to a kind of dillsack (the nutte sac)."""	Is This the Horngus of a Dongfish?
vclaim-sno-horse-and-home	52 thoroughbred horses are destined for slaughter if adopters are not found for them soon.	Do 52 Thoroughbred Horses Need New Homes to Escape Slaughter?
vclaim-sno-horse-horse	A photograph shows a horse whose coat spells out the word 'horse.'	Does This Horse Spell ‘Horse’?
vclaim-sno-horse-living-in-apartment	A photograph shows a horse discovered to be living in an apartment in Preston, Lancashire.	Is This Horse Living in a Third-Floor Apartment?
vclaim-sno-horse-markings-wolf	A photograph shows a horse with markings on its coat depicting an image of a wolf.	‘Wolf’ on Horse’s Coat
vclaim-sno-horse-of-a-diffident-choler	Legislation passed by the U.S. government allows horses to be slaughtered for food in that country.	Horse Slaughter for Food
vclaim-sno-horse-rescue-niagara	Several rescued horses in the Niagara Falls area are in need of adoption.	Horse Rescue Niagara
vclaim-sno-horse-thief-ancestor	A distant relative of Donald Trump was a horse thief and a train robber.	Did Donald Trump Have a Horse Thief Ancestor?
vclaim-sno-horseless-carriage-committee	An 1875 report by the Horseless Carriage Committee warned about the dangers of gasoline-fueled vehicles.	Is the 1875 Horseless Carriage Committee Report Real?
vclaim-sno-hospital-care	Account describes a visit by former president George W. Bush and Laura Bush with survivors of the Fort Hood shootings.	Presidents Bush and Obama Visit Fort Hood
vclaim-sno-hospital-visit	Michelle Obama visited a Saudi national injured in the Boston Marathon bombings but not an American who lost both his legs.	Michelle Obama Visits Bombing Victims
vclaim-sno-hospitals-july	Mortality rates in hospitals go up in July due to an influx of inexperienced doctors.	Are Hospitals More Dangerous in July?
vclaim-sno-hostage-negotiations	Photographs show Asian law enforcement officials negotiating with (and shooting) a suspect who was holding children hostage.	Japanese Hostage Negotiations
vclaim-sno-hostess-with-the-mostest	Hostess approved large pay increases for executives while the company was preparing a bankruptcy filing.	Hostess Executive Raises
vclaim-sno-hostile-forces	A new White House policy eliminates combat pay for U.S. military personnel “unless they are being shot at.”	Obama Eliminates Combat Pay
vclaim-sno-hot-button-issue	A Home Depot employee was fired after refusing to remove a patriotic button from his work apron.	Home Depot Employee Fired for Wearing Flag Button
vclaim-sno-hot-cross-bun-breathalyzer	The consumption of hot cross buns has the potential to affect breathalyzer readings.	Can Eating Hot Cross Buns Trigger False Positive Breathalyzer Results?
vclaim-sno-hot-dog-dog-meat	In June 2017, police arrested a 57-year-old Chinese immigrant for selling dog meat in New York City.	Was a Chinese Man Arrested in New York for Selling Hot Dogs Made from Dog Meat?
vclaim-sno-hot-dog	"The term ""hot dog"" was coined in the early 1900s by a cartoonist who couldn't spell ""dachshund."""	Etymology of Hot Dog
vclaim-sno-hot-mic-fox-news-covid	"A video documents a hot-mic exchange between Fox News reporter John Roberts and a ""fake news tech"" in which they admit COVID-19 was a hoax, and that everyone in the news media has already been vaccinated."	Was Fox News’ John Roberts Caught on Hot Mic Discussing COVID-19 as a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-hot-pockets-recall	Nestlé has recalled some HOT POCKETS brand products due to possible contaminated beef issues.	Hot Pockets Recall
vclaim-sno-hotel-california	The Eagles song “Hotel California” is about Satanism.	Hotel California
vclaim-sno-hotel-cleaner-used-condom	A hotel cleaner won child support after stealing sperm from a used condom.	Did a Hotel Cleaner Who Stole Sperm from a Used Condom Win Child Support?
vclaim-sno-hotel-of-the-gods	Mistranslation at the United Nations results in humorous statement.	U.N. Mistranslation
vclaim-sno-hotel-room-credit-card-phone-call-scam	Scammers place phone calls to hotel rooms to dupe guests into giving up their credit card info.	Hotel Room Credit Card Phone Call Scam
vclaim-sno-hotel-sheep	The world’s first hotel for sheep has opened in Japan.	Hotel Sheep
vclaim-sno-hotelicopter	Photographs show a “hotelicopter,” a helicopter which houses a flying	Hotelicopter – World’s First Flying Hotel
vclaim-sno-hotels-accept-pets	The federal government, either through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) or the 2006 PETS law allows pet owners to bring their pets to any hotel or motel during weather-related evacuations.	Are Hotels Required to Accept Pets During Natural Disasters?
vclaim-sno-hour-dearly-beloved	Patients on life support died when a	Fifteen Patients Die as Earth Hour Kills Life Support in Hospital
vclaim-sno-house-25-million-raise-covid	The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act included a $25 million raise for members of the U.S. House of Representatives.	Did the House Give Itself a $25M Raise in Coronavirus Aid Bill?
vclaim-sno-house-bill-196-castle-doctrine	HB 196, proposed by Texas state Rep. Terry Meza, would repeal a legal principle known as the castle doctrine.	Does Texas HB 196 ‘Repeal’ The Castle Doctrine?
vclaim-sno-house-cleaning	All the seats in the U.S. House of Representatives will be up for election in 2010.	House Cleaning
vclaim-sno-house-committee-oath-god	"The Democrat-controlled House Natural Resources Committee produced a draft rules document that removed ""So help you God"" from oaths required of witnesses before the committee."	Did a Democrat-Controlled U.S. House Committee Plan to Remove ‘So Help You God’ from Oaths?
vclaim-sno-house-democrats-in-ghana	A photograph shows Democratic members of the U.S. House of Representatives vacationing in Italy.	Does Photo Show U.S. House Democrats ‘Vacationing’ in Italy on Taxpayer’s Dime?
vclaim-sno-house-exorcism-hurricane	An exorcism in 1988 saved a house from destruction during Hurricane Ike in 2008.	Did an Exorcism Save a House from Destruction During a Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-house-fire-nike-shoes-burn	A man accidentally burned down his home while attempting to set his Nike shoes on fire in protest over the company's ties with Colin Kaepernick.	Did a Man Accidentally Burn His Home Down After Lighting Nike Shoes on Fire?
vclaim-sno-house-fire-virginia	Demonstrators protesting the death of George Floyd intentionally set fire to a home with a child inside and blocked firefighters from responding.	Did Protesters Set Fire to a Building with a Child Inside?
vclaim-sno-house-passes-bill-letting-government-contractors-fire-lgbt-people	The House passed a bill that allows government contractors to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.	Did the House Pass a Bill Letting Government Contractors Fire LGBT People?
vclaim-sno-house-rules	Photograph shows a house painted in protest by its owner after he was barred from displaying a U.S. flag in his yard.	American Flag House
vclaim-sno-house-shield-from-prosecution	Republican U.S. representatives implemented a new rule that shields them from prosecution.	Did House Republicans Pass a Rule Shielding Themselves from Prosecution?
vclaim-sno-house-speaker-podium-ebay	Following the Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection at the U.S. Capitol, a listing on the auction site eBay was created for the “House of Representatives Speaker Podium.”	Was US House Speaker’s ‘Podium’ Listed on eBay?
vclaim-sno-household-dieffenbachia-deadly	The household plant Dieffenbachia, one of the most common indoor plants, is so poisonous it can kill a child in one minute and an adult in 15 minutes.	Is the Common Household Plant ‘Dieffenbachia’ Deadly?
vclaim-sno-household-printers-tracking-code	Household printers leave hidden yellow dots that provide identifying information about the printer and the date and time the document was printed.	Do Household Printers Leave an Invisible Tracking Code on All Your Printed Documents?
vclaim-sno-household-uses-for-wd-40	Article lists a variety of household uses for WD-40 brand spray lubricant.	Can WD-40 Really Do All That?
vclaim-sno-houses-in-unusual-places	Photographs show a collection of houses built in unusual places.	Are These Unusual Houses Real?
vclaim-sno-houston-cannibal-ivan-yanukovych	Houston police arrested a man who confessed to killing and eating almost 40 people.	Did Houston Police Arrest a Man Who Killed, Ate 30-Plus People?
vclaim-sno-houston-elevator-death	A Houston doctor was decapitated by a malfunctioning elevator.	Was a Houston Doctor Decapitated by a Malfunctioning Elevator?
vclaim-sno-houston-gas-masks-mosquitoes	"In September 2017, authorities in Houston, Texas warned residents to use gas masks as they sprayed the area with a neurotoxic insecticide that ""causes brain damage""."	Were Houston Residents Warned to Use Gas Masks During Mosquito Spraying?
vclaim-sno-houston-hustle	The city of Houston, Texas, subpoenaed several pastors’ sermons as part of a crackdown on preaching against homosexuality.	City of Houston Subpoenas Pastors’ Sermons
vclaim-sno-houston-we-have-a-problem	The U.S. Department of State has issued a travel advisory for the state of Texas after a family of five tested positive for Ebola.	Feds Issue Travel Advisory for Texas Following Ebola Spread
vclaim-sno-how-big-is-wal-mart	E-mail provides statistics about the size of the Wal-Mart chain of general merchandise retail stores.	Wal-Mart vs. the Morons
vclaim-sno-how-four-presidents-celebrated-4th-of-july	A viral image proves that former presidents Obama, Bush, and Clinton celebrated the 4th of July by visiting U.S. soldiers, while President Trump spent the holiday golfing.	Does This Image Show How Four Different Presidents Celebrated the 4th of July?
vclaim-sno-how-green-was-my-ballyhoo	Coca-Cola was originally green.	Was Coca-Cola Originally Green?
vclaim-sno-how-to-be-a-good-wife	A list of ten steps on how to be a good wife comes from a 1950s U.S. home economics textbook.	How to Be a Good Wife
vclaim-sno-how-to-create-a-social-state	"A list reproduces Saul Alinsky's rules for ""How to Create a Social State."""	Beware the Useful Idiots
vclaim-sno-how-to-fix-the-economy	Letter suggests fixing the U.S. economy by giving workers over age 50	How to Fix the Economy
vclaim-sno-howie-mandel-justin-trudeau	"Comedian Howie Mandel penned a list of Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau's ""accomplishments."""	Did Howie Mandel Compile This List of Justin Trudeau’s Accomplishments?
vclaim-sno-howl-to-the-chief	North Korean official Jang Sung-taek was executed by being thrown into a cage with 120 starved dogs.	Jang Sung-taek Executed by Hungry Dogs?
vclaim-sno-hpcd-car-fuel	"A photograph shows a ""horse power control device"" (HPCD), which is installed in automobiles to make them use more fuel than necessary."	Does a So-Called ‘HPCD’ Cause Your Car to Use More Fuel?
vclaim-sno-hpv-kissing-aids	Authorities in Kenya warned of a new outbreak of HPV that spreads through kissing and is deadlier than HIV/Aids.	Is There a ‘New Outbreak’ of HPV That ‘Kills Faster than AIDS’?
vclaim-sno-hr-420	A marijuana bill introduced into the U.S. House of Representatives during the 116th Congress is numbered H.R. 420 — a reference to marijuana culture.	Is a Newly Introduced Congressional Marijuana Bill Actually Numbered H.R. 420?
vclaim-sno-hr-615	House Resolution 615 directs members of Congress to participate in a public health care plan.	HR 615
vclaim-sno-hr1-democrats-immigrants-vote	In passing H.R. 1 in March 2019, House Democrats voted in favor of allowing non-citizens to vote.	Did U.S. House Democrats Pass a Bill to Allow Immigrants to Vote?
vclaim-sno-hr6666-facilities-vaccinations	H.R. 6666 provides $100 billion to entities that perform COVID-19 testing but prohibits them from allowing any non-vaccinated persons into their facilities.	Does H.R. 6666 Require People to Be Vaccinated for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-hr6666-remove-covid-patients-homes	"The COVID-19 Testing, Reaching, And Contacting Everyone (TRACE) Act, or H.R. 6666, would authorize federally administered COVID-19 testing groups to enter American homes and force testing against residents' will, and then ""take"" those who test positive to quarantine sites."	Does H.R. 6666 Authorize Removing COVID-19 Patients from Their Homes?
vclaim-sno-http-vs-https	Article explains the difference between http and https protocols.	http vs. https
vclaim-sno-hubby-hubby	Ben & Jerry’s is renaming Chubby Hubby flavor ice cream to Hubby Hubby for the month of September 2009 in celebration of the legalization of same-sex marriage in Vermont.	Ben & Jerry’s – Hubby Hubby
vclaim-sno-huckabee-handshake	Mike Huckabee created a handy guide to identifying a secret homosexual handshake.	Did Mike Huckabee Discover a ‘Secret Homosexual Handshake’?
vclaim-sno-huckabee-letter-biden-fraud	"An open letter to Joe Biden about ""voter fraud,"" in November 2020, was written by Mike Huckabee."	Did Mike Huckabee Write a ‘Letter to Biden’ About ‘Voter Fraud’?
vclaim-sno-huckabee-sanders-red-hen-protest	Stephanie Wilkinson, owner of the Red Hen restaurant, followed the family of Sarah Huckabee Sanders and organized a picket against them at another restaurant.	Did a Business Owner Picket Sarah Huckabee Sanders’ Family After They Left Her Restaurant?
vclaim-sno-huckabee-son-dog	The son of former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee once killed a dog at Boy Scout camp.	Did Mike Huckabee’s Son Kill a Dog?
vclaim-sno-huckabee-trump-biden-meme	A widely shared meme accurately states that “Trump took down ISIS. Biden took down Dr Suess and Mr Potato Head.”	Is it True Trump ‘Took Down ISIS’ While ‘Biden Took Down Dr Seuss and Mr Potato Head’?
vclaim-sno-hud-tiny-homes-ban	HUD is attempting to pass a law banning tiny houses and RV living.	HUD Tiny Homes Ban
vclaim-sno-hue-cry	Modern products still sometimes bear labels and descriptions that include a color named for a racial pejorative.	Racist Product Color Descriptions
vclaim-sno-hug-a-muslim-day	First Lady Michelle Obama proposed a “Hug A Muslim” day to replace Columbus Day.	First Lady Michelle Obama to Propose National Hug a Muslim Day
vclaim-sno-huge-ammonite	A photograph shows a giant ammonite fossil from southeastern British Columbia.	Is This Giant Fossil Real?
vclaim-sno-huge-crowd-at-trump-rally-in-panama-city-florida	A photograph shows a massive audience attending a Donald Trump rally in Panama City, Florida.	Huge Crowd at Trump Rally in Panama City, Florida
vclaim-sno-huge-tsunami-wave	A picture shows a massive tsunami headed for a crowded beach.	No, This Is Not a ‘Tsunami Wave’ Headed Toward a Crowded Beach
vclaim-sno-huggies-chemical-burns	Huggies Snug and Dry brand diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.	Do Huggies Disposable Diapers Cause Chemical Burns?
vclaim-sno-hugh-mann-alien-life-mars	"A December 2020 article that debunked a ""life on Mars"" conspiracy theory was written by a journalist named Hugh Mann."	Did ‘Hugh Mann’ Write an Article Debunking Alien Theories?
vclaim-sno-hulk-hogan-death-hoax-2	Wrestler Hulk Hogan has passed away after being shot in the head.	Hulk Hogan Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-huma-abedin-insurance	"Huma Abedin retained deleted e-mails of Hillary Clinton's in a folder marked ""life insurance"" and cut a deal with the FBI."	Huma Abedin Cut FBI Deal, Kept Clinton E-Mails in ‘Life Insurance’ Folder?
vclaim-sno-huma-abedin-ties-to-terrorists	Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has ties to Muslim terrorists and Saudi funders of the 9/11 attacks through her family's business	Top Clinton Aide Huma Abedin Has Ties to Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-human-bird-wings	Video clip shows a man flying with human bird wings.	Human Bird Wings
vclaim-sno-human-gorilla-hybrid	Scientists have created a human-gorilla hybrid called Hurilla.	Human/Gorilla Hybrid Infant Born in India
vclaim-sno-human-nacho-spa-treatment	"A video shows a new health trend called the ""human nacho spa treatment."""	Is the ‘Human Nacho Spa Treatment’ Real?
vclaim-sno-human-robot-driveway-video	A video shows an amazingly human-like robot walking up a driveway.	Does This Video Show a Real Human-Like Robot?
vclaim-sno-human-sacrifice-captured-at-cern	A leaked video depicts a human sacrifice conducted by researchers at the CERN nuclear research facility.	Was a Human Sacrifice Captured at CERN?
vclaim-sno-human-statue-of-liberty	Photograph shows U.S. soldiers forming a giant Statue of Liberty figure.	Human Statue of Liberty
vclaim-sno-human-trafficking-hotspots	A map shows the portions of the U.S. that have the greatest incidence of human trafficking.	Does This Map Show Human Trafficking Hotspots in U.S.?
vclaim-sno-human-zoo-1958-worlds-fair	"A photograph shows an African child on display in a ""human zoo"" at the 1958 World's Fair in Brussels, Belgium."	Is This a Photograph of a ‘Human Zoo’ at the 1958 World’s Fair?
vclaim-sno-hummer-bummer	A woman sued a radio station when the Hummer she won in their contest turned out to be a toy rather than a full-sized vehicle.	Contest Pranks Gone Wrong
vclaim-sno-humpback-whale-eat-kayaker	A video shows a large humpback whale swallowing a kayaker.	Did a Humpback Whale Eat a Kayaker?
vclaim-sno-hunan-fireworks	A video depicts an amazing 2013 Chinese fireworks demonstration.	Is This a Video of an Amazing Chinese Fireworks Demonstration?
vclaim-sno-hunter-biden-dead-overdose-hoax	Hunter Biden died of a drug overdose in October 2020	No, Hunter Biden Did Not Die From a Drug Overdose
vclaim-sno-hunter-biden-discharge	Joe Biden's son Hunter was dishonorably discharged from the Navy for cocaine use.	Was Hunter Biden Dishonorably Discharged from the Navy?
vclaim-sno-hunter-biden-flipped-fbi	"Joe Biden's son, Hunter, turned himself in to the FBI and ""flipped"" on his father."	Did Hunter Biden ‘Flip’ and Turn Himself in to the FBI?
vclaim-sno-hunter-biden-malia-obama-cocaine	A new photograph of Malia Obama's credit card was found on Hunter Biden's laptop along with lines of cocaine on the device that Biden snorted.	Does a Pic Show Hunter Biden Used Malia Obama’s Credit Card to Snort Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-hunter-nearly-killed-by-brutal-sexual-assault-from-moose	A hunter from Michigan was nearly killed by a sexually voracious moose.	Hunter Nearly Killed by Brutal Sexual Assault From Moose
vclaim-sno-hunter-scott	Hunter Scott, a 6-year-old boy with brain cancer, wants birthday cards.	Hunter Scott Birthday Card Wish
vclaim-sno-hunters-moon-two-suns	"Photographs depict a rare ""Hunter's Moon,"" a phenomenon that creates the appearance of two suns in the sky."	Are These Photographs of a ‘Hunter’s Moon’?
vclaim-sno-hunting-children-photo	A photograph shows a white businessman posing with the body of a small black child he hunted for sport in Africa.	Do White Businessmen Pay to Hunt African Children?
vclaim-sno-hunting-license	European Royals are killing naked children for fun at human hunting parties.	Are European Royals Killing Naked Children for Fun at Human Hunting Parties?
vclaim-sno-hunting-licenses-versus-armies	More hunting licenses were sold in the United States last year than the number of soldiers in the world's 10 largest armies.	Were More Hunting Licenses Sold in US Than Number of Soldiers in World’s Biggest Armies?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-dorian-near-florida	A video shows Hurricane Dorian approaching Florida in summer 2019.	Is This a Video of Hurricane Dorian Approaching Florida?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-gas-bumper-sticker	A man was refused fuel at a gas station in North Carolina due to his Trump bumper sticker.	Did a Clerk Refuse to Sell Gas to a Man Fleeing a Hurricane Over a Trump Bumper Sticker?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-hanna-border-fence	A video clip shows Hurricane Hanna blowing down a section of border fencing in Texas in July 2020.	Does This Video Show Hurricane Hanna Blowing Down Border Fencing?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-hermine-waterspout-nc	A photograph shows a large waterspout produced by Hurricane Hermine off the coast of North Carolina.	Hurricane Hermine Waterspout in North Carolina
vclaim-sno-hurricane-irene	Photograph shows Hurricane Irene hitting the coast of North Carolina.	Hurricane Irene
vclaim-sno-hurricane-irma-faq	An assortment of rumors associated with Hurricane Irma in September 2017.	Hurricane Irma Rumor FAQ
vclaim-sno-hurricane-irma-hitting-miami-airport	A video shows Hurricane Irma hitting Miami International Airport.	Hurricane Irma Floods Miami International Airport?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-irma-track-become-category-6-storm	"Hurricane Irma is projected to be so big that it may become a ""Category 6"" hurricane; that a new ""Category 6"" will be invented specifically for Hurricane Irma"	Is Hurricane Irma on Track to Become a ‘Category 6’ Storm?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-jose-30-foot-waves-jennettes-pier	A photograph shows a 30-foot wave from Hurricane Jose hitting Jennette's Pier in North Carolina.	Hurricane Jose Causes 30-Foot Waves At Jennette’s Pier?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-katrina-looters	"News photograph captions described a black man ""looting"" and a white couple ""finding"" supplies in the wake of Hurricane Katrina."	Were Hurricane Katrina ‘Looting’ Photographs Captioned Differently Based on Race?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-michael-approaching-florida	A photograph shows Hurricane Michael as it made landfall in Florida.	Is This a Photograph of Hurricane Michael?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-now-contains-sharks	The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that Hurricane Florence had airlifted several sharks.	Does Hurricane Florence Now Contain Sharks?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-open-windows	Leaving a window open slightly during a hurricane will help equalize pressure and prevent damage.	Should You Open Windows During a Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-hurricane-rules	"Comedian George Carlin authored a list of ""hurricane rules."""	Hurricane Rules
vclaim-sno-hurricane-sandy-fema-cleanup-crews	FEMA is hiring Hurricane Sandy cleanup crews in	FEMA Advertising for Cleanup Crews
vclaim-sno-hurricane-sandy-photographs	Various photographs capture images of Hurricane Sandy from October 2012.	Hurricane Sandy Photographs
vclaim-sno-hyatt-hotels-conservatives	The Hyatt hotel chain stated they will no longer host conservative guests or gatherings.	Did Hyatt Hotels Ban Conservatives from Their Properties?
vclaim-sno-hydrogen-peroxide	Hydrogen peroxide will cure a variety of ailments.	Does Hydrogen Peroxide Cure These Ailments?
vclaim-sno-hyland39s-teething-tablets-recall	"Hyland's Teething Tablets have been discontinued for causing ""adverse events"" in children."	Hyland’s Baby Teething Tablets Discontinued
vclaim-sno-hyperdontia-supernumerary-teeth	A photograph shows the mouth of an adult suffering from hyperdontia.	Does This Picture Show a Case of Hyperdontia?
vclaim-sno-hypnotized-chicken	"A video shows a chicken being hypnotized by holding its head down and ""drawing"" a line in the sand extending from its beak."	Is This a Video of a ‘Hypnotized Chicken’?
vclaim-sno-hypo-hype	A 1993 instance of product tampering resulted in syringes being found in cans of Pepsi.	Needle in Pepsi
vclaim-sno-hyram-suddfluffel-impeachment	"A viral social media post about the outcome of impeaching U. S. President Donald Trump was accurate and was written by ""Hyram F. Suddfluffel."""	Was ‘Hyram F. Suddfluffel’s’ Impeachment Message Real and Accurate?
vclaim-sno-hyvee-coupon-scam	"Hy-Vee grocery stores are distributing free $80 coupons online as part of a ""75th Anniversary"" promotion."	Hy-Vee 75th Anniversary $80 Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-i-68-and-i-70	Maryland gangs are engaging in a deadly initiation game that requires new members to steal cars and shoot motorists on highways.	I-68 and I-70 Gang Initiation Warning
vclaim-sno-i-am-curious-yellow-pages	An illustration from a withdrawn Yellow Pages ad reveals a risqué image when a portion of it is viewed upside-down.	I Am Curious (Yellow Pages)
vclaim-sno-i-am-legend-zombie	"The storyline of ""I Am Legend"" takes place in 2021 and centers on a zombie outbreak that was caused by a vaccine."	Was ‘I Am Legend’ Set in 2021?
vclaim-sno-i-am-meth	A meth-addicted teen penned an insightful poem in jail shortly before dying of an overdose.	Did a Meth-Addicted Teen Write This Poem?
vclaim-sno-i-can-breathe-shirts	"A photograph shows members of the NYPD wearing ""I Can Breathe"" shirts mocking the death of George Floyd."	Did Members of the NYPD Wear ‘I Can Breathe’ Shirts in 2020 Protest?
vclaim-sno-i-can39t-believe	NBA players protesting a lack of indictment in the Eric Garner case wore	NBA ‘I Can’t Breath’ Shirt Hoax
vclaim-sno-i-have-a-what	News report shows Martin Luther King Day celebrants holding misspelled signs.	Misspelled Martin Luther King Day Signs
vclaim-sno-i-have-had-it	Text reproduces letter sent to President Obama by a fourth grade teacher.	Fourth Grade Teacher’s Letter to the President
vclaim-sno-i-of-newt	Newt Gingrich once said, “People like me are what stand between us and Auschwitz.”	Newt Gingrich Auschwitz Quote
vclaim-sno-i-ping-the-body-electric	Enabling your cell phone’s “Location On” feature can assist emergency services in reaching you.	Cell Phone Location Feature
vclaim-sno-i-saw-new-york	A pair of hoaxsters once led hundreds of gullible New Yorkers into participating in a scheme to saw Manhattan Island in half.	‘Sawing New York in Half’ Hoax
vclaim-sno-i-told-you-so	Canadian Howard Galganov penned an “I Told You So” editorial about Barack Obama.	Howard Galganov – I Told You So
vclaim-sno-i40-north-carolina-underwater	A photograph documents that a portion of Interstate 40 in North Carolina was completely underwater after Hurricane Florence.	Does This Photograph Show a Stretch of I-40 in North Carolina Underwater?
vclaim-sno-ia-fl-oh-election-loss	Donald Trump was the first candidate to lose a presidential election despite winning in Ohio, Florida, and Iowa.	Has No Presidential Candidate ‘Won Iowa, Florida and Ohio’ and Still Lost?
vclaim-sno-ian-henderson	A U.S. Army soldier named Ian Henderson is missing.	Missing Person: Ian Henderson
vclaim-sno-ibola	New iPhone 6 devices have been contaminated with Ebola, and tens of thousands of people have fallen ill.	iPhone 6 Ebola Epidemic
vclaim-sno-ice-arrest-los-angeles-mayor	In 2019, agents from ICE arrested the mayor of Los Angeles.	Did Immigration Enforcement Agents Arrest the Mayor of Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-ice-arresting-children-photo	A photograph shows ICE agents handcuffing and arresting immigrant children.	Does This Photograph Show ICE Arresting Small Children?
vclaim-sno-ice-badges	E-mail describes ruse intended to scare away littering Mexican construction workers.	ICE Badges
vclaim-sno-ice-baiting	New York City pedestrians ignored a freezing, homeless child for two hours.	The Freezing Homeless Child! (Social Experiment)
vclaim-sno-ice-bucket-challenge-deaths	A teenager died attempting the ALS ‘ice bucket challenge.’	Did a Teenager Die Attempting the Ice Bucket Challenge?
vclaim-sno-ice-bucket-challenge	President Obama refused to participate in the ALS Association’s “Ice Bucket Challenge.”	President Obama and the Ice Bucket Challenge
vclaim-sno-ice-caps-melt-gore-2014	Al Gore predicted that Earth’s “ice caps” would melt away by 2014.	Did Al Gore Predict Earth’s Ice Caps Would Melt by 2014?
vclaim-sno-ice-citizens-academy-civilians	U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is planning a six-day “Citizens Academy” training, including instruction on firearms and how to make arrests, for Chicago residents in September 2020.	Is ICE ‘Citizens Academy’ Training Civilians To Arrest ‘Undocumented’ Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-ice-cream-covid19	In January 2021, Chinese health officials detected the coronavirus in ice cream produced in Tianjin.	Did Ice Cream Test Positive for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-ice-cream-every-day	A university serves ice cream at every meal because a benefactor who donated a large sum of money stipulated that a portion of the funds be used for that purpose.	Ice Cream Every Day
vclaim-sno-ice-cream-registration-notice	A few years after a couple of kids used a made-up name to sign up for a free yearly ice cream cone, they received a Selective Service registration notice for their non-existent friend.	Did the Selective Service Harvest Names from a ‘Free Ice Cream’ List?
vclaim-sno-ice-cube-50-cent-trump-hats	"A photograph shows Ice Cube and 50 Cent wearing ""Trump 2020"" hats."	Does a Photo Show Ice Cube, 50 Cent Wearing Trump Hats?
vclaim-sno-ice-cube-work-with-trump	Before the 2020 U.S. presidential election, rapper Ice Cube advised U.S. President Donald Trump's campaign on policy plans.	Did Ice Cube Help Trump Create Plan for Black Americans?
vclaim-sno-ice-detain-michigan-doctor-40-years-u-s	Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detained and deported Polish doctor Lukasz Niec, 40 years after he emigrated to the United States as a young child.	Did ICE Deport a Michigan Doctor 40 Years After He Immigrated to the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-ice-doubt	Most of the $100 million raised from ALS ‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ donations won’t go to ALS-related research and services.	Where Do ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Donations Go?
vclaim-sno-ice-el-paso-citizenship-papers	Immigration authorities were checking citizenship papers of people affected by the mass shooting in El Paso.	Did ICE Check Citizenship Papers After the El Paso Shooting?
vclaim-sno-ice-hurl-pregnant-woman-border-wall	Immigration and Customs Enforcement hurled a pregnant woman over a border wall so she wouldn't have her baby on U.S. soil.	Did ICE Hurl a Pregnant Woman Over a Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-ice-screen	Spraying a mixture of vinegar and water on your car's windshield will effectively help de-ice it.	Will a Vinegar and Water Mixture De-Ice Your Windshield?
vclaim-sno-ice-twitter-account-disappear	On Nov. 12, 2020, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s (ICE) Twitter account appeared to have been briefly removed from the social network.	Did the ICE Twitter Account Mysteriously Disappear?
vclaim-sno-iceland-debt-forgiveness	"Iceland forgave the entire mortgage debt of its population, and a ""media blackout"" prevented Americans from learning about it."	Iceland Forgives Entire Population of Its Debt?
vclaim-sno-iceland-eliminated-syndrome-abortion	Iceland has virtually removed the occurrence of Down syndrome from their population through abortion.	Has Iceland Eliminated Down Syndrome Through Abortion?
vclaim-sno-iceland-mandates-mental-health-warnings-on-all-bibles	Iceland has passed a law requiring mental health warnings to be placed on all Bibles.	Iceland Mandates Mental Health Warnings on All Bibles?
vclaim-sno-iceland-pays-immigrants-to-marry-icelandic-women	Due to a shortage of men, Iceland will pay $5,000 per month to immigrants who marry Icelandic women.	Does Iceland Pay $5,000 Per Month to Immigrants Who Marry Icelandic Women?
vclaim-sno-iceland-religions-mental-disorders	In January 2020, Iceland's parliament voted to declare that all religions are mental disorders.	Did Iceland Declare ‘All Religions Are Mental Disorders’?
vclaim-sno-icicle-texas-storms	A photo of a large indoor icicle was taken during the Texas blackout in February 2021.	Is This Massive, Ceiling-to-Floor Icicle From the Texas Storms?
vclaim-sno-idaho-mother-sentenced-for-breastfeeding	A woman in Idaho was sentenced to seven years in prison for breastfeeding in public.	Idaho Mother Sentenced to Prison After Multiple Citations for Breastfeeding in Public
vclaim-sno-idaho-wolves	Photographs show wolves killed in Idaho.	Idaho Wolves
vclaim-sno-identical-twins-married	"After two sets of identical twins married each other, a doctor told them to ""stop."""	No, a Doctor Didn’t Say ‘Stop’ After Identical Twins Married Identical Twins
vclaim-sno-identifying-as-clovergender	"Individuals are legitimately identifying as and calling for acceptance of a new identity known as ""clovergender."""	Are People Identifying as ‘Clovergender’?
vclaim-sno-idiot-wind	"A list of ""A Country Founded by Geniuses but Run by Idiots"" entries originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy."	‘A Country Founded by Geniuses, but Run by Idiots’ Quote
vclaim-sno-if-i-were-the-devil	"A transcript reproduces radio commentator Paul Harvey's essay entitled ""If I Were the Devil."""	‘If I Were the Devil’
vclaim-sno-if-the-shoe-fits	"The Samburu tribesman appearing in a Nike commercial was supposed to say the equivalent of ""Just Do It"" in his native language, but he said something entirely different instead."	Nike ‘Give Me Big Shoes’ Commercial
vclaim-sno-if-youre-a-fetus-and-you-know-it	An ultrasound video shows an unborn child clapping along to music.	Clapping Fetus Video
vclaim-sno-ikea-pregnancy-test-ad	IKEA released a magazine ad which includes a pregnancy test.	Did IKEA Release an Advertisement Containing a Pregnancy Test?
vclaim-sno-ikes-peak	Dwight D. Eisenhower became president of Columbia University because the school’s trustees confused him with his younger brother, Milton.	Dwight Eisenhower Confused with Milton
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-and-aoc-polling	U.S. Reps. Ilhan Omar and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are polling at 8 percent and 21 percent respectively.	Are U.S. Reps. Ilhan Omar and AOC Polling at 8 Percent, 21 Percent Respectively?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-arrest	In January 2013, future U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar was arrested on suspicion of trespass in Minneapolis.	Did Minneapolis Police Arrest U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar on Suspicion of Trespassing in 2013?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-brother-arrested	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar's brother was arrested just before carrying out bombing attacks on Michigan churches.	Was Ilhan Omar’s Brother Arrested with ‘200 Lbs. of Explosives’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-camp-hates-america	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar once said she hated living in the United States and was better off in a refugee camp in Kenya (or words to that effect).	Did U.S. Rep. Omar Say She ‘Hates Living in America,’ Was ‘Better Off’ in Refugee Camp?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-cousin	U.S. Rep Ilhan Omar’s cousin was one of the hijackers of Flight 93 on September 11.	Was Rep. Ilhan Omar’s Cousin a 9/11 Hijacker?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-dog-meat	U.S. Rep. lhan Omar wants to legalize the sale of dog meat in the U.S.	Does U.S Rep. Ilhan Omar Want to Legalize the Sale of Dog Meat?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-filmed-dancing-9-11	A video shows U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar dancing on the anniversary of 9/11.	No, Rep. Ilhan Omar Was Not Filmed Dancing on 9/11 Anniversary
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-flag-party	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar of Minnesota had hosted a ""flag-burning party."""	Did Ilhan Omar Host a Flag-Burning Party?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-fundraisers-groups	"Minnesota Democrat Ilhan Omar held ""secret fundraisers"" with ""Islamic groups tied to terror."""	Did Ilhan Omar Hold ‘Secret Fundraisers’ with ‘Islamic Groups Tied to Terror’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-isis	"U.S. Representative Ilhan Omar has advocated shorter prison sentences for individuals ""caught trying to join ISIS."""	Did Rep. Ilhan Omar Call for Lighter Sentences for Would-Be ISIS Recruits?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-jihad-academy	"A photograph shows Ilhan Omar in ""Jihad Academy."""	Did This Picture Show U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar in ‘Jihad Academy’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-marry-brother	Ilhan Omar married her brother to help him immigrate to the U.S.	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Marry Her Brother?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-proud	"U.S. Democratic Rep. Ilhan Omar said the terrorist group al-Qaida makes her ""proud."""	Did U.S. Rep. Omar Say Al-Qaida Makes Her ‘Proud’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-quote	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar called for the dismantling of the entire U.S. economy and political system.	No, Ilhan Omar Didn’t Call for Dismantling the US Economy and Political System
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-sworn-quran	Ilhan Omar took part in her swearing-in to the Minnesota House of Representatives with her hand on a Quran.	Was Ilhan Omar Sworn in with Her Hand on the Quran?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-terrorists-photograph	A photograph shared on social media in August 2019 shows U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar sitting among armed terrorists.	Does a Photo Show U.S. Rep. Omar Sitting With Armed Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-treason-advice-iran	In January 2020, U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar advised Iran to attack Trump-branded hotels in the world, thus committing treason.	No, U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Didn’t Give ‘Treasonous’ Military Advice to Iran
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-walk-out-911-service	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar walked out of a 9/11 memorial service in 2019.	Did Rep. Ilhan Omar Walk Out of 9/11 Memorial Service?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-white-men-fear	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar said ""our country should be more fearful of white men."""	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Say ‘Our Country Should Be More Fearful of White Men’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omar-white-men	Ilhan Omar once called for white men to be enslaved and put in chains due to their reluctance to convert to Islam.	Did Rep. Ilhan Omar Say ‘White Men Should Be Put in Chains’?
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omars-children-arrested	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar's teenage children were arrested on suspicion of starting a church fire.	No, Ilhan Omar’s Children Weren’t Arrested for Starting Church Fire
vclaim-sno-ilhan-omars-father	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar's father is a ""Somalian war criminal"" living in the U.S. ""illegally."""	Is Rep. Omar’s Father a ‘Somalian War Criminal’ Living ‘Illegally’ in U.S.?
vclaim-sno-ill-suited	George Zimmerman is suing Trayvon Martin’s parents for their failure to control their son.	George Zimmerman Files Civil Suit Against Trayvon Martin’s Parents
vclaim-sno-illegal-alien-benefits-petition	Signing a petition will help overturn a recent Senate decision to give Social Security benefits to illegal aliens.	No Social Security for Illegal Aliens Petition
vclaim-sno-illegal-alien-denied-cops-service-we-dont-serve-pigs	"Undocumented McDonald's worker Maria Englesia was fired for telling police officers ""we don't serve pigs."""	Illegal Alien Denied Cops Service, ‘We Don’t Serve Pigs’
vclaim-sno-illegal-immigrant-benefits	"Undocumented immigrants in the United States receive a job, a driver's license, food stamps, health care, housing, education, a ""tax-free business for seven years,"" and ""child benefits."""	What Happens When You Cross the United States Border Illegally?
vclaim-sno-illegal-immigrants-2008-election	Credible evidence suggests that 5.7 million illegal immigrants might have voted in the 2008 election.	Did 5.7 Million ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Vote in the 2008 U.S. Election?
vclaim-sno-illegal-sell-homes-flint	Residents of Flint, Michigan, are legally prohibited from selling their homes and moving away due to the ongoing water crisis.	FALSE: Illegal for Flint Residents to Sell Homes
vclaim-sno-illegals-lining-vote-battsville-arizona	A photograph captures undocumented immigrants lining up to vote in Battsville, Arizona.	Are ‘Illegals’ Lining Up to Vote in Battsville, Arizona?
vclaim-sno-illinois-departing-taxpayer-fee	"Illinois governor-elect J.B. Pritzker and two other Democratic state legislators proposed a ""departing taxpayer fee."""	Did Illinois Lawmakers Propose a ‘Departing Taxpayer Fee’?
vclaim-sno-illinois-eavesdropping-law	Illinois has made it a felony for its citizens to record the activities of police.	Did Illinois Make It a Felony for Citizens to Record the Police?
vclaim-sno-illinois-goodwill-disabled-staff	In the summer of 2019, the Land of Lincoln Goodwill organization ended the paid employment of disabled workers.	Did an Illinois Goodwill Fire Its Disabled Workers?
vclaim-sno-im-sorry-im-late-blm-sign	"A photograph shows a demonstrator at a June 2020 Black Lives Matter protest in Bethel, Ohio, holding a sign reading, ""I'm Sorry I'm Late. I Had a Lot To Learn."""	Is This ‘I’m Sorry I’m Late. I Had a Lot To Learn’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-im-tired-2	Opinion piece by Bill Cosby details political and social issues he's tired of.	Bill Cosby and “I’m 83 and Tired”
vclaim-sno-im-tired	Opinion piece by Bill Cosby details political and social issues he's tired of.	Bill Cosby and “I’m 83 and Tired”
vclaim-sno-image-abandoned-military-bases-experimentation-room	"A photograph shows an abandoned military base that was abandoned after ""something"" escaped from the facility's ""experimentation room."""	Abandoned Military Base’s ‘Experimentation Room’
vclaim-sno-image-child-organ-trafficking-victims-thailand	A gruesome image depicts children kidnapped and killed by organ traffickers in Thailand.	Is This an Image of ‘Child Organ Trafficking Victims’ in Thailand?
vclaim-sno-image-depict-texas-church-shooter-bernie-sanders-rally	Image depicts Texas church shooting suspect Devin Patrick Kelley at a Bernie Sanders rally.	Does an Image Depict the Texas Church Shooter at a Bernie Sanders Rally?
vclaim-sno-image-of-cow-crusher-device	"A photograph shows a ""cow crusher,"" a device designed to literally crush cows."	Is This an Image of a ‘Cow Crusher’ Device Designed to Crush Cows?
vclaim-sno-image-of-earth-from-moon	A photograph shows the Earth from the surface of the moon.	Is This a Real Photo of the Earth from the Moon?
vclaim-sno-image-shows-george-orwell-and-ernest-hemingway-during-the-spanish-civil-war	A photograph from the Spanish Civil War shows famed authors George Orwell and Ernest Hemingway in close proximity.	Does This Photo Show George Orwell and Ernest Hemingway During the Spanish Civil War?
vclaim-sno-imani-jennings-petition	Anthony Weakfall, a 15-year-old accused of killing infant Imani Jennings, has been charged as a juvenile and therefore cannot receive a sentence of more than five years in prison.	Murder of Imani Jennings
vclaim-sno-imelda-marcos-death-hoax	Former First Lady of the Philippines Imelda Marcos died of a cardiac arrest in June 2017.	Imelda Marcos Dead?
vclaim-sno-immaculate-conception	"The term ""Immaculate Conception"" refers to the conception of Jesus by the Virgin Mary."	Immaculate Conception
vclaim-sno-immaculate-deception	A 14-year-old girl is pregnant with baby Jesus.	Is a 14-Year-Old Girl Pregnant with Baby Jesus?
vclaim-sno-immigrant-girl-never-separated	News media outlets misrepresented a photograph of a two-year-old migrant girl whose mother was arrested at the U.S-Mexico border as depicting an instance of family separation.	Did News Media Incorrectly Report That Border Agents Separated a Girl from Her Mother?
vclaim-sno-immigrant-hillary-illegal-vote	An 'illegal immigrant' was convicted of voter fraud for voting multiple times for Hillary Clinton.	Did an ‘Illegal’ Immigrant Brag About Voting Five Times for Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-immigrant-homicides-us	"""Illegal immigrants"" killed 10,150 Americans in 2018."	Were 10,150 Americans Killed by ‘Illegal Immigrants’ in 2018?
vclaim-sno-immigrant-peanut-butter-sandwich	An immigrant put peanut butter in a little girl's sandwich causing her to have an allergic reaction.	Did an Immigrant Make a Girl Sick by Putting Peanut Butter in Her Sandwich?
vclaim-sno-immigrant-teenagers-strapped-to-chairs-with-bags-over-their-heads	Detained immigrant children were strapped to chairs with bags over their heads.	Were Immigrant Teenagers Strapped to Chairs with Bags Over Their Heads?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-biden-shirts-let-us-in	"A photograph shows people near the Mexico-U.S. border wearing ""Biden Please Let Us In"" shirts."	Did People Wear ‘Biden Please Let Us In’ Shirts at US-Mexico Border?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-california-wildfires	Illegal immigrants were arrested for starting the October 2017 California wildfires.	Were Illegal Immigrants Arrested for Starting California Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-covid-texas-abbott	"In early 2021, the Biden administration was ""recklessly releasing"" hundreds of migrants who tested positive for COVID-19 into Texas communities."	Were Hundreds of COVID-Positive Immigrants ‘Recklessly Released’ in Texas?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-dna-tests-pay	"The Trump administration made immigrants pay $800 for DNA tests in order to get back children taken under its ""zero tolerance"" policy."	Is the Trump Administration Making Immigrants Pay $800 for DNA Tests to Get Their Children Back?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-free-leave-detention	"As of July 2019, migrants are ""free to leave"" U.S. immigration detention centers and return to their countries of origin, at will."	Are Migrants ‘Free to Leave Detention Centers Any Time’?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-measles	Immigrants who illegally crossed into the U.S. at the Mexico border are the cause of measles outbreaks in 2019 in the U.S.	Are ‘Illegal Immigrants’ to Blame for Measles Outbreaks Across the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-nobel-prize	Of the six U.S.-based Nobel science laureates in 2017, all were immigrants; every U.S.-based laureate in 2016 was also born outside the country.	Did Immigrants Dominate the U.S. Nobel Prize Tally in 2016 and 2017?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-numbers-arms	Three migrants at the U.S.-Mexico border were photographed with identification numbers written on their forearms.	Were Immigrants at the U.S.-Mexico Border Photographed with Numbers Written on Their Arms?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-riot-italy	A video shows a group of immigrants rioting in Italy.	Does This Video Show Immigrants Rioting in Italy?
vclaim-sno-immigrants-stimulus-checks	U.S. citizens married to immigrants will not receive stimulus checks via the March 2020 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.	Are US Citizens Married to Immigrants Excluded from COVID-19 Stimulus Checks?
vclaim-sno-immigration-border-disease-risk	A photograph shows an Immigrant who crossed the United States’ southern border with a case of smallpox.	Is This a Photograph of an Immigrant with Smallpox?
vclaim-sno-impeached-president-lose-benefits	A U.S. president that is impeached, convicted, and removed from office loses benefits such as a pension and security detail.	Does an Impeached US President Lose Benefits?
vclaim-sno-impeached-president-regain-office	An impeached President could regain office by being pardoned, appointed to the vice presidency, and moving up through resignation.	Could an Impeached President Be Pardoned and Regain Office?
vclaim-sno-impeachment-consulting-fees	"Did House Speaker Nancy Pelosi approve payment of $4.8 million in ""impeachment consulting fees"" to the Clinton Foundation?"	Did Pelosi Approve $4.8 Million in ‘Impeachment Consulting Fees’ to the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-impeachment-pens-15k-dollars	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi used $15,000 worth of pens to sign the articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump.	Did Pelosi Use $15,000 Worth of Pens to Sign Articles of Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-impeachment-rally-in-toronto	A photograph shows a rally in Toronto, Canada, in support of the impeachment of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Does a Photo Show a Trump Impeachment Rally in Toronto?
vclaim-sno-imperfect-recall	Coca-Cola is recalling millions of bottles of	Coca-Cola Recalls 2 Million Bottles with the Name ‘Michael’
vclaim-sno-imperial-march-uk-trump	"The Band of the Grenadier Guards played the ""Imperial March"" from ""Star Wars"" during U.S. President Donald Trump's visit to Buckingham Palace."	Was the ‘Star Wars’ Imperial March Played for President Trump During UK Visit?
vclaim-sno-implant-cheating-spouse-alert	A new penile implant notifies spouses via cell phone alerts when their husbands are cheating on them.	New Implant Will Alert Your Cell Phone When ‘Your Man’ Is Cheating
vclaim-sno-impossible-burgers-dogfood	The ingredients of two popular plant-based burgers, Impossible Burgers and Beyond Meat burgers, are indistinguishable from dog food.	Are Ingredients in ‘Impossible’ and ‘Beyond Meat’ Burgers Indistinguishable from Dog Food?
vclaim-sno-impossible-to-cancel-recurring-trump-donations	It is impossible to cancel recurring donations to the Donald Trump presidential campaign.	Is it Impossible to Cancel Recurring Donations to the Trump Campaign?
vclaim-sno-impossible-whoppers-estrogen	Four Impossible Whoppers provide “enough estrogen to grow boobs on a male.”	Do 4 Impossible Whoppers Daily Provide ‘Enough Estrogen to Grow Boobs on a Male’?
vclaim-sno-imran-yousuf-orlando-hero	Former Marine Imran Yousuf, a Muslim, is credited with saving 70 people during the June 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting.	Is Orlando Shooting Hero Imran Yousuf a Muslim?
vclaim-sno-in-cold-flood	Bride’s attempt to hang up her wedding dress results in hotel evacuation.	Wedding Dress Hung from Hotel Sprinkler
vclaim-sno-in-defense-of-prayer	Paul Harvey or news commentator Andy Rooney wrote an essay in favor of prayer.	In Defense of Prayer
vclaim-sno-in-flanders-fields	The new Canadian $10 bill is being recalled because it includes a misprint of the poem “In Flanders Fields.”	In Flanders Fields on Canadian $10 Bill
vclaim-sno-in-god-we-still-trust	"Radio stations shunned the Diamond Rio song ""In God We Still Trust"" because of its religious subject matter."	Was Diamond Rio’s ‘In God We Still Trust’ Shunned by Radio?
vclaim-sno-in-n-out-cup-epsteins-death	"A photograph shows an In-N-Out restaurant cup bearing the message ""Epstein did not kill himself."""	Does In-N-Out Cup Weigh in on Jeffrey Epstein’s Death?
vclaim-sno-in-n-out	Cups and burger wrappers used by the In-N-Out Burger chain are printed with references to Bible verses.	Do In-N-Out Burger Food Containers Include Bible Verses?
vclaim-sno-in-praise-of-older-women	"60 Minutes commentator Andy Rooney wrote an essay, ""In Praise of Older Women."""	Did Andy Rooney Write ‘In Praise of Older Women’?
vclaim-sno-in-the-air-tonight	Phil Collins wrote the song 'In the Air Tonight'  after witnessing an incident in which a man refused to come to the aid of a drowning swimmer.	In the Air Tonight
vclaim-sno-in-the-public-eye	An eyeball-licking fad has produced a widespread outbreak of ocular maladies among Japanese schoolchildren.	Japanese Eyeball-Licking Craze
vclaim-sno-in-wake-of-election-obama-passes-executive-order-banning-all-fake-news-outlets	President Barack Obama signed an executive order banning all fake news outlets.	In Wake of Election, Obama Passes Executive Order Banning All Fake News Outlets
vclaim-sno-in-your-facebook	Facebook will soon make all private inbox messages publicly viewable to promote honesty among users.	Facebook to Make All Private Messages Viewable by Public
vclaim-sno-incarcerated-covid19-checks	Incarcerated people, including those who were convicted for murder like Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, will be getting stimulus relief checks as part of the latest COVID-19 relief bill in March 2021.	Will Prison Inmates Receive COVID-19 Stimulus Checks?
vclaim-sno-inconceivable-story	A childless couple discovered the cause of their infertility was a lack of sex.	Infertility Due to Lack of Sex
vclaim-sno-incredible-edibles	Edible Arrangements funds the terrorist organization Hamas.	Incredible Edibles
vclaim-sno-incredibles-2-epilepsy-warning	"The animated film ""Incredibles 2"" contains scenes that prompted an epilepsy warning at movie theaters."	Does ‘Incredibles 2’ Come With an Epilepsy Warning?
vclaim-sno-incurable-mexican-blood-flu	A form of tuberculosis dubbed “Mexican blood flu” is being brought into the U.S. by immigrants crossing the Southern border.	Is an Incurable “Mexican Blood Flu” Creating a Health Crisis at the Southern Border?
vclaim-sno-indecent-exposure	A seller submitted a photo of a tea kettle with a revealing reflection to an online auction site.	Reflectoporn
vclaim-sno-india-air-strike-pakistan-video	A video captures an Indian air strike against a militant camp in Pakistan in February 2019.	Does This Video Show an Indian Air Strike in Pakistan?
vclaim-sno-india-theme-park-ride-collapses	A video shows the moment at which an amusement park ride in India collapsed in July 2019.	Is This Video of a Theme Park Ride in India Collapsing?
vclaim-sno-indian-flag-capitol-riots	An Indian flag was waved among the crowd of people that stormed the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Was the Indian Flag Waved at US Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-indian-journalist-hoax-harvard	In a “phishing attack,” Indian journalist Nidhi Razdan was duped into leaving her job at a television station to take up a nonexistent Harvard professorship teaching journalism.	Was Journalist Conned Into Quitting Her Job for Fake Harvard Position?
vclaim-sno-indian-man-snake-bite-wife	An Indian man who was bitten by a snake then bit his wife because he wanted them to 'die together.'	Did an Indian Man Bite His Wife After a Snake Bit Him?
vclaim-sno-indian-ocean-earthquake-tsunami-prediction-2017	There is verifiable evidence that a large earthquake will strike the Indian Ocean and cause a deadly tsunami before the end of 2017.	Massive Indian Ocean Earthquake and Tsunami Expected by the End of 2017?
vclaim-sno-indiana-abortion-reporting	Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb passed a law that will lead to jail time for women who fail to disclose abortions.	Did Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb Sign a Law Mandating Women Disclose Abortions or Face Jail Time?
vclaim-sno-indiana-jones-saxophone	Indiana Jones, portrayed by Harrison Ford, once defeated a group of villains by playing a saxophone.	Indiana Jones Once Defeated Villains by Playing a Saxophone
vclaim-sno-indiana-muslims-muhammads-deeds	Indiana Muslims are appalled by a billboard displaying a list of deeds by the Prophet Muhammad even though it is accurate.	Are Indiana Muslims Appalled by an ‘Accurate’ List of Muhammad’s Deeds?
vclaim-sno-indiana-primary-rigged	Indiana-based WNDU accidentally revealed that Indiana's primary was rigged for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump by prematurely releasing election results.	Indiana Primary Rigged for Clinton and Trump
vclaim-sno-indianapolis-area-code	The city of Indianapolis was assigned the 317 area code as a tribute to the number of survivors of the sinking of the USS Indianapolis.	Is Indianapolis’ Area Code a Tribute to the Survivors of a Naval Tragedy?
vclaim-sno-indonesia-lost-tribe	A video shows a member of a lost Indonesian pygmy tribe on a dirt bike trail in Aceh.	Was a ‘Lost Pygmy Tribe’ Discovered on an Indonesian Bicycle Trail?
vclaim-sno-indrek-wichman	A Michigan professor sent an e-mail telling Muslim students to leave the country.	Professor Indrek Wichman E-mail
vclaim-sno-indy-404	The Indianapolis 500 has been cancelled and moved to Florida due to Indiana’s passage of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.	Indy 500 Cancelled Due to Indian’s New Anti-Gay Law
vclaim-sno-infant-twins-die-simultaneously-vaccines	The simultaneous death of infant twins in Turkey in 2002 was connected to their having recently received vaccinations.	Infant Twins Die Simultaneously After Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-infertile-couple-sex-wrong	A young couple unable to conceive a child visited a fertility doctor, who discovered that they were engaging solely in anal sex.	Were a Couple Unable to Conceive for Four Years Because They Were Having Sex the ‘Wrong’ Way?
vclaim-sno-inflatable-costume-covid-hospital	An inflatable Christmas costume worn in the emergency room of a California hospital may have spread COVID-19, infecting more than 40 employees in late 2020 and early 2021.	Was an Inflatable Costume Responsible for Spreading COVID at Hospital?
vclaim-sno-inflatable-sex-doll	Adolf Hitler was behind the invention of the first inflatable sex dolls.	Did Hitler Invent the Inflatable Sex Doll?
vclaim-sno-info-boors	Sandy Hook shooting victim Noah Pozner was pictured among those killed during a December 2014 attack on a school in Pakistan.	Sandy Hook Victim Spotted Among Peshawar School Dead?
vclaim-sno-ingraham-nevada-interview-trump	An anonymous 'Nevada poll worker' interviewed by Fox News host Laura Ingraham was actually Donald Trump himself.	Was the ‘Nevada Poll Worker’ Interviewed by Ingraham Actually Trump Himself?
vclaim-sno-ingrid-newkirk-quotes-peta-euthanasia	Four quotations attributed to PETA president and co-founder Ingrid Newkirk in a viral November 2018 meme are authentic.	PETA Founder Ingrid Newkirk on Euthanizing Animals
vclaim-sno-inhuman-handprint-2	Photograph shows an unnaturally large handprint left on the window of a missing college student's dorm room.	Is This Photo of an ‘Inhuman’ Handprint Left on a Window Real?
vclaim-sno-inject-mushrooms	A man injected hallucinogenic mushrooms into his bloodstream, causing organ failure.	Did a Man Suffer Organ Failure After Injecting Psychedelic Mushrooms?
vclaim-sno-injured-trump-supporter	An image depicts a young female Donald Trump supporter covered in blood following an altercation at a California political rally.	Is This a Photograph of a Woman Beaten for Supporting Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-ink-stinger	White and Blue Lion tattoo ink is under national recall due to bacterial contamination.	A Tattoo Ink Recall Is Underway?
vclaim-sno-inmate-bible-last-meal	A death row inmate named Jeremy Morris ate a Bible as his last meal.	Did a Death Row Inmate Eat an Entire Bible as His Last Meal?
vclaim-sno-inmates-abandoned-katrina	Inmates at Orleans Parish Prison spent several days in flooded cells while awaiting rescue after Hurricane Katrina, and hundreds of them disappeared.	Were Inmates Abandoned at Orleans Parish Prison During Hurricane Katrina?
vclaim-sno-insane-cliff-house	A photograph shows a real, inhabitable house built on the underside of a cliff.	Is This ‘Insane Cliff House’ Real?
vclaim-sno-insect-spy-drone	A photograph shows an insect spy drone that can take photographs and DNA samples.	Insect Spy Drone
vclaim-sno-insects-on-the-brain	Bugs crawl into a person's ear, make their home there, then slowly eat their way through the brain.	Can a Bug Crawl in Your Ear and into Your Brain?
vclaim-sno-inside-the-green-zone	Photographs show a suicide bomber killed in Iraq's Green Zone	Inside the Green Zone
vclaim-sno-insider-spider	Photograph shows a spider discovered inside an Oreo cookie.	Spider in Oreo Cookie
vclaim-sno-insider-trading	A man arrested for insider trading attributed his financial success to time travel.	‘Time-Traveler’ Busted for Insider Trading?
vclaim-sno-instagod	Instagram has banned posting of the phrase “I am a born-again follower of Jesus Christ.”	Instagram Bans the Phrase 'I Am a Born Again Follower of Jesus'?
vclaim-sno-instagram-cancellation-hoax	Instagram is overloaded and is about to cancel the accounts of users who don’t follow the instructions in a posted message.	Instagram Cancellation Hoax
vclaim-sno-instant-noodles-wax	Cups of instant noodles pose a deadly danger to consumers due to the cups' wax linings.	Instant Noodles Wax Warning
vclaim-sno-insulin-pennies-a-day-trump	"U.S. President Donald Trump issued an executive order in July 2020 that will lower the price Americans pay for insulin to ""pennies a day."""	Will a Trump Order Drop Insulin Price to ‘Pennies A Day’?
vclaim-sno-insulin-walmart-vial	Insulin can be purchased at Walmart for $25 a vial.	Does Walmart Sell Insulin for $25 a Vial Without a Prescription?
vclaim-sno-insurance-insanity	List of humorous automobile accident insurance claims.	Insurance List Humor
vclaim-sno-insurrection-act-trump	Following the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol riots, Trump invoked the Insurrection Act, deploying military forces to suppress civil unrest in Washington, D.C.	Did Trump Invoke Insurrection Act?
vclaim-sno-intelligence-is-inherited-only-from-your-mother	A person's intelligence is genetically determined by the mother alone.	Intelligence Is Inherited Only from Your Mother?
vclaim-sno-intense-supercell-tornado-mass	A photograph shows multiple tornadoes touching down in Kansas.	Is This a Picture of an ‘Intense Supercell with a Mass of Tornadoes’ in Kansas?
vclaim-sno-intern-white-power-hand-gesture	An intern made a white supremacist hand gesture in a photograph with President Trump.	Did a White House Intern Make the ‘White Power’ Hand Gesture?
vclaim-sno-internal-robbing-you-service	The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is seizing bank accounts from innocent American citizens under civil forfeiture laws.	Is the IRS Seizing Innocent Americans’ Bank Accounts?
vclaim-sno-international-drivers-license	You can avoid paying for traffic tickets or establish a new identity by obtaining an International Driver’s License.	International Driver’s License
vclaim-sno-internet-of-lies	"Vice-President Al Gore claimed during a news interview that he ""invented"" the Internet."	Did Al Gore Say ‘I Invented the Internet’?
vclaim-sno-interpolitics	A new executive order gives INTERPOL license to operate with impunity within the U.S.	Executive Order Grants Immunities to INTERPOL
vclaim-sno-interschools-whatsapp-warning	"ISIS/Daesh created a WhatsApp group called ""Interschools,"" and once users join it they cannot leave."	‘Interschools’ WhatsApp Group Warning
vclaim-sno-interview-for-trafficking	Human trafficking rings are using job interviews to lure college students.	Summer Job Interview or Human Trafficking Front?
vclaim-sno-intexticated	Photographs show the results of an automobile accident caused by an ‘intexticated’ driver.	Intexticated
vclaim-sno-into-the-bleach	Drinking bleach can help a drug user beat drug testing.	Drinking Bleach to Beat a Drug Test
vclaim-sno-into-the-void	A lottery ticket that would have won	Voided Ticket Lottery Win
vclaim-sno-into-thin-air	"A video shows a man vaporized instantly from electrocution and/or exposure to hydrofluoric or “sulfuric hydrofluoric"" acid."	Did Acid or Electricity Cause This Man to Vaporize?
vclaim-sno-investigation-proves-starbucks-beverages-contain-feces	An investigation has proven the presence of feces in Starbucks beverages.	Investigation Proves Starbucks Beverages Contain Feces?
vclaim-sno-invisibility-check	A pair of scammers attempted to pass checks written in disappearing ink.	Disappearing Ink on Check
vclaim-sno-invisibility-cloak-video	A video shows a man demonstrating an invisibility cloak.	Is This ‘Invisibility Cloak’ Video Real?
vclaim-sno-invisible-art	"A New York artist named Lana Newstrom creates and sells ""invisible art."""	Did a New York Artist Create Invisible ‘Art’?
vclaim-sno-iowa-caucus-coin-toss	During the Iowa caucuses, delegates are sometimes awarded through coin tosses, and Hillary Clinton won six coin tosses in the 2016 caucuses (awarding her a narrow victory).	Iowa Caucus Coin Toss
vclaim-sno-iowa-congressman-retweet-white-supremacist	Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) retweeted a post by a known white supremacist.	Did an Iowa Congressman Retweet a White Supremacist?
vclaim-sno-iowa-discontinue-soda-and-candy-october	Electronic benefits recipients in Iowa can no longer purchase soda and candy as of 1 October 2017.	Iowa to Discontinue Soda and Candy for EBT Recipients on 1 October 2017?
vclaim-sno-iowa-guns-blind	In Iowa, blind people are legally allowed to own and possess firearms.	Does Iowa Grant Gun Permits to Blind People?
vclaim-sno-iowa-kiss-five-minutes-law	A law in Iowa forbids people from kissing for more than five minutes.	Law Limits Kisses to Five Minutes in Iowa
vclaim-sno-iowa-man-16-years-lgbt-flag	In December 2019, an Ames, Iowa, man was given a 16-year prison sentence for burning an LGBT rainbow flag.	Did an Iowa Man Get 16 Years in Prison for Burning an LGBT Rainbow Flag?
vclaim-sno-iowa-missing-children-summer	"The state of Iowa has seen an alarming increase in ""vanishing"" children reports in the summer of 2018."	Has Iowa Seen an Alarming Increase in “Vanishing Children” This Summer?
vclaim-sno-iowa-state-fair-logo	The Iowa State Fair logo is rendered as a silo and two hay bales that strongly resemble a penis.	Nothing Compares to the Iowa State Fair … Logo
vclaim-sno-iowa-students-apologize	Iowa high school students were forced to apologize for wearing red, white, and blue at a sports game because immigrant students on the opposing team were offended.	Were Iowa High School Students Forced to Apologize for Wearing Patriotic Colors?
vclaim-sno-iowa-tornado	Photograph shows a tornado that killed four Boy Scouts in Iowa in June 2008.	Iowa Tornado
vclaim-sno-ipads-covid-virtual-visits	A viral photograph posted in December 2020 showed dozens of iPads required for virtual visits with COVID-19 patients.	Did a Photo Show iPads Used for Virtual End-of-Life Visits Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-iphone-12-pacemakers	A study found that an iPhone 12 can disable a cardiac rhythm management device.	Can an iPhone 12 Disable Pacemakers or Other Cardiac Devices?
vclaim-sno-iphone-12-tiktok-scam	A TikTok video promotion gives away iPhone 12s for free to random users.	Is an iPhone 12 TikTok Giveaway Legitimate?
vclaim-sno-iphone-7-headphone-jack-controversy	Apple is eliminating the headphone jack for iPhone 7 in order to force users to purchase expensive Bluetooth equipment or proprietary headphones.	iPhone 7 Headphone Jack Controversy
vclaim-sno-iphone-7-headphone-jack	Drilling into the shell of an iPhone 7 will reveal the device's missing headphone jack.	Finding the ‘Hidden’ iPhone 7 Headphone Jack
vclaim-sno-iphone-shortcut-record-police	"Saying, ""Hey Siri, I’m getting pulled over"" enables a shortcut on your iPhone to record police interactions."	Does This iPhone Shortcut Allow Recording of Police Interactions?
vclaim-sno-iphone-sos	iPhone users can access emergency services simply by tapping the Lock button of their device five times.	Can You Access Emergency Services by Pressing an iPhone’s Lock Button Five Times?
vclaim-sno-iphone-the-body-electric	You can recharge your cell phone using body electricity.	Charge Your Phone Using Body Electricity
vclaim-sno-iran-blurs-photograph-showing-olympics-volleyball-player	Iran's Tasnim News Agency blurred a woman volleyball player out of a photograph because she was in a bikini.	Iran Blurs Photograph Showing Olympics Volleyball Player
vclaim-sno-iran-censored-female-athletes	A video showing highly censored female athletes competing in the 2016 Olympics was broadcast by the Iranian Sports Channel.	Did Iranian Olympic Coverage Censor Images of Female Athletes?
vclaim-sno-iran-marry-daughters-law	Iran recently passed a law allowing men to marry their daughters.	Did Iran Pass a Law Allowing Men to Marry Their Daughters?
vclaim-sno-iran-nuclear-deal-citizenship	The Obama administration gave 2,500 Iranians citizenship as part of nuclear deal negotiations.	Did the Obama Administration Grant Citizenship to 2,500 Iranians During Nuclear Deal Negotiations?
vclaim-sno-iran-trump-bounty	Iran has offered an $80M bounty for the head of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Iran Offer an $80M Bounty for Trump’s Head?
vclaim-sno-iranian-negotiator-discusses-nuclear-deal	A video shows the chief Iranian nuclear negotiator appearing on television and candidly reflecting on the negotiating process with the U.S.	Iranian Negotiator Discusses Nuclear Deal
vclaim-sno-iranian-woman-angelina-jolie-plastic-surgery	Sahar Tabar has undergone 50 physical surgeries to make her face resemble that of Angelina Jolie.	Did an Iranian Woman Undergo 50 Plastic Surgeries to Resemble Angelina Jolie?
vclaim-sno-iranians-arrested-mexico-border	On Feb. 1, 2021, nearly a dozen Iranian citizens were arrested after attempting to illegally cross into the United States from Mexico.	Were 11 Iranians Arrested at US-Mexico Border?
vclaim-sno-iraqi-terrorist-grenades	An Iraqi terrorist was killed when hand grenades he was attempting to smuggle by hiding them in his rectum accidentally detonated.	Terrorist Who Hid Grenades in Anus Dies of Internal Bleeding at Iraqi Airport?
vclaim-sno-irena-sendler	Irena Sendler, credited with saving 2,500 Polish Jews from the Holocaust, was a candidate for the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize but lost out to Al Gore.	Irena Sendler
vclaim-sno-irish-mob-midget-gang	"Three members of a crime gang known as the ""Irish Mob Midgets"" were arrested in Boston."	Were Members of a ‘Midget Crime Gang’ Suspected of 55 Break-Ins?
vclaim-sno-irish-slaves-early-america	Early in America's history, white Irish slaves outnumbered black slaves and endured worse treatment at the hands of their masters.	Were There Irish Slaves in America, Too?
vclaim-sno-irish-slaves-us-photo	A photograph shows a mining lift crammed full of “Irish slaves in America.”	Does This Photograph Show Irish Slaves in the United States?
vclaim-sno-irish-times-fintan-otoole	"The Irish Times newspaper published a column by Fintan O’Toole expressing ""pity"" for the United States over U.S. President Donald Trump's leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic."	Did an Irish Times Column Express ‘Pity’ for the US?
vclaim-sno-irl-texts-trafficking	"Text messages from a social app called ""IRL"" have been linked to sex trafficking."	Are Texts Saying ‘A Friend Has Complimented You in IRL’ Linked to Sex Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-irma-barbuda-video	A video shows Hurricane Irma destroying buildings in Antigua and Barbuda in September 2017.	Video Shows Hurricane Irma Hitting Antigua and Barbuda?
vclaim-sno-irma-beaches-water	Hurricane Irma had the effect of drawing water away from stretches of coastline in Florida and the Bahamas.	Did Hurricane Irma Draw the Water Away from Beaches in Florida and the Bahamas?
vclaim-sno-irregardless-merriam-webster	"Merriam-Webster has recently included the word ""irregardless"" among its dictionary definitions."	Did the Merriam-Webster Dictionary Just Recognize ‘Irregardless’ as a Word?
vclaim-sno-irs-amnesty-bonuses	"Changes to immigration policy announced in November 2014 make ""illegal immigrants"" eligible to collect $24,000 ""amnesty bonuses."""	Can ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Claim $24,000 ‘Amnesty Bonuses’?
vclaim-sno-irs-impersonation-telephone-scam	Callers pretend to be IRS fraud division employees and tell victims they owe tax monies that must be paid immediately to avoid arrest or other criminal penalties.	IRS Impersonation Telephone Scam
vclaim-sno-irs-refund-notification	A notice from the IRS indicates the recipient is eligible for a tax refund.	Does the IRS Send Unsolicited E-Mails About Tax Refunds?
vclaim-sno-irs-satan-clubs	"The IRS gave preferential ""fast tracking"" for tax exempt status to After School Satan clubs run by the Satanic Temple."	Did the IRS ‘Fast Track’ Tax-Exempt Status for ‘After School Satan’ Clubs?
vclaim-sno-irs-scam-season	The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is contacting taxpayers via e-mail to convey important tax return information, complete paperwork for a refund, or request payment on a balance owed.	IRS Scam Season
vclaim-sno-irs-sent-thousands-of-tax-refunds-same-addresses	A review of IRS procedures found thousands of tax returns linked to the same addresses.	Did the IRS Send Thousands of Tax Refunds to the Same Addresses?
vclaim-sno-irs-social-security-numbers	"The IRS admitted it encourages undocumented immigrants to ""steal"" Social Security numbers for taxes."	Did the IRS Admit It ‘Encourages Illegals’ to Steal Social Security Numbers for Taxes?
vclaim-sno-irs-stimulus-check-1200	In November 2020, a text message was circulated to Americans that urged recipients to click a nefarious link in order to receive a second $1,200 COVID-19 relief stimulus check.	Can You Receive a Second $1,200 Stimulus Check by Clicking Text Link?
vclaim-sno-is-a-utah-schools-event-barring-girls-from-refusing-boys-dance-requests	"Girls at a Utah elementary school were required to say ""yes"" when asked to dance at a school event."	Did a Utah School Bar Girls From Refusing Boys’ Dance Requests?
vclaim-sno-is-allisyn-nicole-still-missing	A young woman named Allisyn Nicole is missing.	Is Allisyn Nicole Still Missing?
vclaim-sno-is-amazing-wedding-bouquet-catch-real	A video shows a bridesmaid making an athletic move to catch a bouquet of flowers.	Is This Amazing Bouquet Catch Real?
vclaim-sno-is-amazons-alexa-emitting-unprompted-creepy-laughing	"Amazon's Alexa randomly plays a ""creepy laugh."""	Is Amazon’s Alexa Creepily Laughing for No Apparent Reason?
vclaim-sno-is-anchor-butter-contaminated-with-hiv	A worker at a British dairy that produces Anchor Butter contaminated the company's products with HIV-infected blood.	Is Anchor Butter Contaminated with HIV?
vclaim-sno-is-antifa-planning-a-civil-war	"Law enforcement agents have announced that ""antifa"" is planning extended violent unrest or civil war beginning on 4 November 2017."	Is ‘Antifa’ Planning a Civil War?
vclaim-sno-is-armed-teacher-students-israel	A photograph shows a teacher carrying guns at a school in Israel.	Is This an Armed Teacher Protecting Students at an Israeli School?
vclaim-sno-is-australia-chemtrails-vaccinate-residents	Australian officials are deploying a genetically-modified vaccine aerially without consent from residents.	Is Australia Using Chemtrails to Forcibly Vaccinate its Residents?
vclaim-sno-is-barack-obama-more-self-referential-than-donald-trump	Former president Barack Obama referred to himself 75 times during his farewell speech, compared to just 3 self-references by President Donald Trump in his inaugural address.	Is Barack Obama More Self-Referential than Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-is-california-gov-positive-people-blood	California's governor is allowing people who are HIV-positive donate blood	Is California Governor Jerry Brown Allowing HIV-Positive People to Donate Blood?
vclaim-sno-is-california-requiring-students-arabic-numbers	"California Gov. Jerry Brown signed a new ""culture"" bill requiring that Arabic, not ""American,"" numbers be taught in schools."	Is California’s Governor Requiring Students Use Arabic Numbers in Schools?
vclaim-sno-is-catherine-elizabeth-clennans-gofundme-campaign-authentic	A woman named Catherine Elizabeth Clennan is genuinely seeking several million dollars via GoFundMe to live her dream life.	Is Catherine Elizabeth Clennan’s GoFundMe Campaign Authentic?
vclaim-sno-is-company-turning-human-embryos-into-jewelry	A jewelry company is making jewelry out of unwanted human embryos.	Is an Australian Company Turning Human Embryos Into Jewelry?
vclaim-sno-is-courage-cowardly-dog-rebooted	The Cartoon Network announced that new episodes of 'Courage the Cowardly Dog' would premiere on 30 February 2019.	Is ‘Courage the Cowardly Dog’ Getting Rebooted?
vclaim-sno-is-danica-roem-the-first-trans-state-lawmaker-in-the-us	Danica Roem is the first trans state legislator in the U.S.	Is Danica Roem the First Transgender State Legislator in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-is-disney-building-resort-toronto-islands	Disney is opening a new resort and park in the Toronto Islands.	Is Disney Building a Massive $6.5 Billion Resort in Toronto Islands?
vclaim-sno-is-epa-allowing-asbestos-products	The Environmental Protection Agency will allow new asbestos products to enter the market.	Is the EPA Allowing for the Approval of New Asbestos-Containing Products?
vclaim-sno-is-facebook-censoring-conservative-news	Facebook routinely suppresses conservative news in favor of liberal content.	Is Facebook Censoring Conservative News?
vclaim-sno-is-facebook-charging-a-user-fee	"Facebook will soon begin charging users per message unless they forward a text to 10 contacts to prove they are ""avid"" users."	Is Facebook Charging a User Fee?
vclaim-sno-is-facebook-removing-share-button-pro-trump-posts	"Facebook is removing the share button from ""pro-Trump posts."""	Is Facebook Removing the Share Button from Pro-Trump Posts?
vclaim-sno-is-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-anti-vaccine	Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein has stated that she opposes the use of vaccines.	Is Green Party Candidate Jill Stein ‘Anti-Vaccine’?
vclaim-sno-is-ice-transporting-children-trains	Immigration and Customs Enforcement is transporting children in freight train cars.	Is ICE Transporting Immigrant Children in Freight Trains?
vclaim-sno-is-income-tax-voluntary	Payment of U.S. federal income taxes is voluntary.	Is Payment of Income Taxes Voluntary?
vclaim-sno-is-it-illegal-florida-power-home-solar-storm	Thanks to lobbying, Florida homeowners were unable to use solar panels during Irma to generate electricity.	Is It Illegal in Florida to Power Your Home With Solar After a Storm Because of Lobbying?
vclaim-sno-is-it-sea-shanty-or-sea-chanty	"The term ""sea shanty,"" referring to traditional sailing work songs, is a misspelling of the term ""sea chanty."""	Is It ‘Sea Shanty’ or ‘Sea Chanty’?
vclaim-sno-is-james-hetfield-standing-near-a-bear-he-killed	Metallica lead singer James Hetfield was photographed near a brown bear he shot and killed.	Is This James Hetfield Standing Near a Bear He Killed?
vclaim-sno-is-jennifer-aniston-starting-a-celebrities-for-trump-group	"Jennifer Aniston and other actors are starting a ""Celebrities For Trump"" advocacy group."	Is Jennifer Aniston Starting a ‘Celebrities for Trump’ Group?
vclaim-sno-is-jet-li-in-frail-health	Martial arts star Jet Li is in frail health, as shown in a recent photograph.	Is Action Star Jet Li in ‘Frail’ Health?
vclaim-sno-is-jill-biden-a-doctor	"Dr. Jill Biden is not a medical doctor, and is thus erroneously using the title, ""Dr."""	Is Jill Biden a Doctor?
vclaim-sno-is-kik-messenger-app-shutting-down	Ted Livingston, the CEO of Kik Interactive, announced in September 2019 that the Kik messaging app would be shutting down.	Is Kik Messenger App Shutting Down?
vclaim-sno-is-laura-phelps-a-crisis-actor-who-lost-a-child-at-both-sandy-hook-and-parkland	Laura Phelps is a crisis actor who lost children during school shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary in 2012 and Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in 2018.	Is Laura Phelps a Crisis Actor Who Lost a Child at Both Sandy Hook and Marjory Stoneman Douglas?
vclaim-sno-is-ll-bean-refusing-hire-gun-owners	L.L. Bean enacted a ban on hiring gun owners because former First Lady Michelle Obama is its main stockholder.	Is L.L. Bean Refusing to Hire Registered Gun Owners?
vclaim-sno-is-manuka-honey-better-than-all-known-antibiotics	Manuka honey, as a topical treatment, is better than all known antibiotics.	Is Manuka Honey ‘Better Than All Known Antibiotics?’
vclaim-sno-is-marijuana-moving-to-schedule-2	The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) will be reclassifying marijuana as a Schedule 2 drug in August 2016.	Marijuana Is Moving to Schedule 2
vclaim-sno-is-matt-damon-moving-to-australia	"Matt Damon announced in March 2018 that he was moving his family to ""a safe place"" in Australia because he was fed up with President Donald Trump and his policies."	Is Matt Damon Moving to Australia to Escape the Trump Administration?
vclaim-sno-is-minecraft-shutting-down	The popular video game Minecraft is shutting down in 2020.	Is Minecraft Shutting Down?
vclaim-sno-is-mohammed-popular-name-netherlands	Mohammed is now the most popular name for newborn boys in the Netherlands thanks to immigration.	Is Mohammed the Most Popular Name for Newborn Boys in the Netherlands?
vclaim-sno-is-nancy-pelosi-critical-drunk-driving-accident	House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was seriously injured in a drunk driving collision.	Is Nancy Pelosi in Critical Condition After a Head-On Drunk Driving Accident?
vclaim-sno-is-navy-naming-tig-ol-bitties	"The United States Navy announced that it was christening a ship the ""USS Tig Ol Bitties"" after an online vote."	Is the Navy Naming a Ship ‘USS Tig Ol Bitties’ After an Online Vote?
vclaim-sno-is-nfls-free-speech-accurately-portrayed	A list accurately portrays the NFL's history on free speech issues.	Is The NFL’s History of Free Speech Issues Accurately Portrayed in This List?
vclaim-sno-is-nutella-toxic	"Nutella is ""toxic"" and contains the ""harmful"" ingredients vanillin and MSG."	Is Nutella Toxic?
vclaim-sno-is-oral-sex-still-illegal	Eighteen U.S. states still have laws banning oral sex.	Is Oral Sex Still Illegal in 18 States?
vclaim-sno-is-osteens-megachurch-affected	"Joel Osteen's Lakewood Church in Houston is ""inaccessible"" because of flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey."	Was Joel Osteen’s Houston ‘Megachurch’ Affected By Hurricane Harvey?
vclaim-sno-is-ozzy-osbourne-on-his-deathbed	"Heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne was on his ""death bed"" at the start of 2020."	Is Ozzy Osbourne on His Deathbed?
vclaim-sno-is-pelosis-great-grandfather-the-founder-of-the-kkk	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's great-grandfather is Nathan Bedford Forrest, the founder of the Ku Klux Klan.	Is Pelosi’s Great-Grandfather the Founder of the KKK?
vclaim-sno-is-penis-looking-fish-real	"Photographs show so-called ""penis fish"" washed ashore on a California beach."	Did Some ‘Penis Fish’ Wash Ashore on a California Beach?
vclaim-sno-is-peta-releasing-ticks-meat-allergies	PETA is releasing Lone Star Ticks into the northeastern United States in order to give people meat allergies.	Is PETA Releasing Lone Star Ticks into the Northeastern United States to Create Meat Allergies?
vclaim-sno-is-photograph-border-agents-separating-children	A photograph shows a Border Patrol agent following President Donald Trump's order to forcibly separate a child from his family.	Does This Photograph Show Border Agents Forcibly Separating Children From Families?
vclaim-sno-is-pic-of-froot-loops-pizza-real	A photograph shows a pizza topped with Froot Loops at a restaurant in Iowa.	Is Pic of Froot Loops Pizza Real?
vclaim-sno-is-radioactive-milk-government-genocide-plot	High diabetes rates among African-Americans are caused by a genocidal government plot to ship weaponized radioactive milk to black communities.	U.S. Government Ships Radioactive Milk to Black Communities as Part of a Genocide Plot?
vclaim-sno-is-rep-dingell-gun-confiscation-bill	Rep. Debbie Dingell is introducing a bill that would lead to widespread gun confiscations.	Is Rep. Debbie Dingell Introducing a ‘Gun Confiscation’ Bill?
vclaim-sno-is-sacramento-paying-gang-members-not-to-kill	The city of Sacramento is paying gang members $1.5 million to stop killing.	Is the City of Sacramento Paying Gang Members $1.5 Million Not to Kill?
vclaim-sno-is-san-juan-mayor-relief-efforts-trump-look-bad	A Puerto Rico police officer has revealed that San Juan's mayor is sabotaging relief efforts to reflect poorly on President Donald Trump.	Is San Juan’s Mayor Sabotaging Puerto Rican Relief Efforts to Make President Donald Trump Look Bad?
vclaim-sno-is-state-farm-denying-insurance-gun-owners	State Farm insurance will not offer insurance to gun owners or manufacturers.	Is State Farm Denying Insurance to Gun Owners?
vclaim-sno-is-sunset-moscow-real	A photograph shows a remarkable sunset over Moscow.	Is This ‘Apocalyptic Sunset Over Moscow’ Real?
vclaim-sno-is-taco-bell-financial-backer-moore	Taco Bell (or its owner) is the main financier of Alabama politician Roy Moore's Senate campaign.	Is Taco Bell Roy Moore’s Main Financial Backer?
vclaim-sno-is-the-gops-obamacare-replacement-titled-worlds-greatest-healthcare-plan-of-2017	Is the GOP's Obamacare Replacement Called 'World's Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017'?	Is the GOP’s Obamacare Replacement Called ‘World’s Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017’?
vclaim-sno-is-the-mandalay-bay-security-guard-missing	"Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos is ""missing."""	Is the Mandalay Bay Security Guard ‘Missing’?
vclaim-sno-is-the-trump-administration-puerto-rico-evacuees	The Trump administration is making Puerto Ricans sign promissory notes and surrender passports before evacuating them or rendering aid.	Is the Trump Administration Price Gouging Puerto Rico Evacuees and Seizing Passports?
vclaim-sno-is-the-u-s-global-trade-deficit-really-800-billion	The U.S. has a global trade deficit of $800 billion.	Is the United States’ Global Trade Deficit Really $800 Billion?
vclaim-sno-is-there-a-new-lucky-charms-frosted-flakes-cereal	"A ""Lucky Charms Frosted Flakes"" cereal will soon be available."	Is There a New ‘Lucky Charms Frosted Flakes’ Mashup Cereal?
vclaim-sno-is-there-a-warrant-for-cia-nominee-gina-haspels-arrest	CIA Deputy Director Gina Haspel has a warrant for her arrest in Germany.	Is There a Warrant for CIA Director Nominee Gina Haspel’s Arrest?
vclaim-sno-is-this-a-327-pound-halibut	A photograph shows a fisherman with a 327-pound halibut.	Is This a 327-Pound Halibut?
vclaim-sno-is-this-a-wall-around-nancy-pelosis-home	An image shows Nancy Pelosi's mansion in San Francisco and the large wall that protects the estate.	Is This a Wall Around Nancy Pelosi’s Home?
vclaim-sno-is-this-alberto-approaching-pensacola-beach	A photograph shows Subtropical Storm Alberto approaching Pensacola Beach in Florida.	Is This an Image of Subtropical Storm Alberto Approaching Pensacola Beach?
vclaim-sno-is-this-asian-giant-hornet	An image shows an Asian giant hornet, a large insect with a potentially deadly sting.	Is This an Asian Giant Hornet?
vclaim-sno-is-this-carl-sagan-holding-a-no-billboards-in-space-sign	"A photograph shows Carl Sagan holding a sign reading ""No Billboards in Space."""	Is This Carl Sagan Holding a ‘No Billboards in Space’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-is-this-first-caravan-member-asylum	A meme purporting to include an image of a Honduran asylum seeker and “caravan” member named Susana González shows the first woman to be granted asylum in the United States in that group.	Is This the First Caravan Member to Be Granted Asylum in the United States?
vclaim-sno-is-this-goliath-skeleton-real	A series of photograph show the skeletal remains of the biblical giant Goliath.	Is This ‘Goliath Skeleton’ Real?
vclaim-sno-is-this-jumping-baby-elephant	A photograph shows a jumping baby elephant.	Is This a Jumping Baby Elephant?
vclaim-sno-is-this-our-congress-hard-at-work	"An image collage shows various members of the United States Congress ""hard at work"" while sleeping at their desks."	Is This Our Congress Hard at Work?
vclaim-sno-is-this-pedosexual-pride-sign-real	"The new ""Acceptance Street"" road sign in New York City includes ""pedosexual"" among other sexual orientations."	Is This ‘Pedosexual’ Pride Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-is-this-proof-white-helmets-staged-chemical-attack	"A series of images ""prove"" that the White Helmets ""staged"" a chemical attack in Syria."	Proof the White Helmets ‘Staged’ a Chemical Attack in Syria?
vclaim-sno-is-this-really-aracely-henriquez	A photograph shows Aracely Henriquez, a woman who was allegedly assaulted by George Floyd in a robbery.	Is This Aracely Henriquez, the Woman George Floyd Allegedly Assaulted?
vclaim-sno-is-this-skeleton-guitar-real	"Photographs show a guitar made from part of a skeleton dubbed a ""skelecaster."""	Is This ‘Skeleton’ Guitar Real?
vclaim-sno-is-this-toyger-kitten-photo-real	"This is a genuine photograph of a ""toyger kitten."""	Is This ‘Toyger Kitten’ Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-is-this-unicorn-puppy-real	"A photograph shows a ""unicorn puppy"" with a tail growing from his forehead."	Is This ‘Unicorn Puppy’ Real?
vclaim-sno-is-this-video-of-an-airplane-on-fire-real	A video shows an airplane on fire in January 2018.	Is This an Airplane on Fire?
vclaim-sno-is-tina-turner-gravely-ill	Tina Turner is gravely ill due to stomach or intestinal cancer, a stroke, and/or rejection of a kidney or liver transplant.	Is Tina Turner ‘Gravely Ill’ With Stomach Cancer or Other Disease?
vclaim-sno-is-trump-administration-southwest-key-458-million	The Trump administration is paying Southwest Key $458 million to run immigrant child detention centers, and its CEO earns a $1.5 million salary.	Is the Trump Administration Paying Southwest Key $458 Million to Run Immigrant Child Detention Centers?
vclaim-sno-is-trump-putting-children-tent-cities	"The Trump administration is building ""tent cities"" to house minor immigrants."	Is the Trump Administration Putting Immigrant Children in ‘Tent Cities’?
vclaim-sno-is-u-s-border-sign-free-stuff-real	"A sign at the United States border and sponsored by the Democratic party informs travelers from Mexico that there's ""lots of free stuff ahead."""	Is This Sign at the United States-Mexico Border Real?
vclaim-sno-is-vampire-squid-turning-inside-out	A video shows a vampire squid turning itself inside out, revealing sharp barbs on the underside of its hood.	Is This a Vampire Squid Turning Itself Inside Out?
vclaim-sno-is-virgin-of-guadalupe-living	"In August 2017, NASA scientists declared that Mexico's ""Our Lady of Guadalupe"" artifact is ""living."""	Has NASA Called the Image of the Virgin of Guadalupe ‘Living’?
vclaim-sno-isaiah-crowell-police	Cleveland Browns running back Isaiah Crowell once posted to his Instagram profile an artist's rendering of a hooded man cutting the throat of a police officer.	Did NFL Player Isaiah Crowell Post an Image of a Police Officer Being Killed?
vclaim-sno-isaiah-jackson-arrest-toddler	"Isaiah Anthony Wayne Jackson of Springfield, Ohio, was arrested in connection with a widely shared photograph of a man kneeling on a toddler's neck along with the caption ""BLM now mf."""	Was Isaiah Jackson Arrested After Pic Showed Man Kneeling on Toddler?
vclaim-sno-isis-called-for-assassination-of-barron-trump	ISIS called for the assassination of Barron Trump in November 2017.	Did ISIS Call for the Assassination of Barron Trump?
vclaim-sno-isis-calling	Operatives of ISIS are going door to door in Australia, speaking with residents and then marking the homes of Christians.	ISIS Marking Christian Homes
vclaim-sno-isis-crisis-2	ISIS militants have been beheading children in Iraq and Syria.	ISIS Crisis
vclaim-sno-isis-crisis	Photograph shows an ISIS terrorist arrested in Houston.	Houston Police Arrest Suspected ISIS Terrorist
vclaim-sno-isis-fatwa-kill-puppies	ISIS has issued a fatwa to kill American puppies.	Has ISIS Issued a Fatwa to Kill Puppies?
vclaim-sno-isis-fort-mcmurray-fire	ISIS claimed responsibility for the May 2016 Fort McMurray wildfire.	Islamic State Started Fort McMurray Fire
vclaim-sno-isis-hunting-tag-zinke	"Congressman Ryan Zinke is offering an ""ISIS Hunting Tag"" to people who donate to his campaign."	Congressman Offers ‘ISIS Hunting Tags’ for Donations
vclaim-sno-isis-killing-babies-syndrome	Islamic State (ISIS) militants have killed at least 38 babies and children with disabilities or Down syndrome.	Is ISIS Killing Babies with Down Syndrome?
vclaim-sno-isis-leader-supports-hillary	The second-highest ranking ISIS member urged Muslim-Americans to vote for Hillary Clinton.	ISIS Leader Calls for American Muslim Voters to Support Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-isis-murder-250-children-dough-kneader	ISIS murdered 250 children by putting them into a dough kneader.	Did ISIS Murder 250 Children with a Dough Kneader?
vclaim-sno-isis-terrorists-guatemala-caravan	A hundred ISIS terrorists were caught in Guatemala as a migrant caravan headed north to the United States.	Were 100 ISIS Terrorists Caught in Guatemala as a Central American Caravan Headed to the US?
vclaim-sno-islam-banned-u-s-1952	Muslims were banned from immigrating to the United States in 1952 under the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act.	Were Muslims Banned from the U.S. in 1952?
vclaim-sno-islam-on-capitol-hill	Muslims are planning to hold an “Islam on Capitol Hill” prayer service at the U.S. Capitol on 25 September 2009.	Islam on Capitol Hill
vclaim-sno-islamberg-raid	"In July 2017, President Trump dispatched federal investigators to the hamlet of Islamberg, New York, where they uncovered ""America's worst nightmare""."	Did President Trump Send Feds to Raid Islamberg, New York?
vclaim-sno-islamic-agenda	"A photograph shows a sign bearing an ominous threat from the group ""Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America."""	‘Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America’ Sign
vclaim-sno-islamic-refugee-new-mexico	"An ""Islamic refugee"" was apprehended in Luna County, New Mexico and found to be in possession of plans to a gas pipeline."	‘Islamic Refugee’ with Gas Pipeline Plans Arrested in New Mexico Border County
vclaim-sno-islamic-state-of-syria-and-lansing	ISIS operatives are visiting Michigan homes to ask if the residents if they have family in the military and killing those who answer affirmatively.	ISIS in Michigan Killing Military
vclaim-sno-islamic-terror-mass-shootings	A meme's map depicts mass shootings since Sandy Hook, not acts of Islamic terrorism in the United States.	Islamic Terror Versus Mass Shootings Meme
vclaim-sno-israel-bans-heinz-ketchup	Israel has banned the sale of Heinz brand ketchup, partially due to the product's use of GMO-derived ingredients.	Israel Just Banned Heinz Ketchup
vclaim-sno-israel-military-palestine-treasure	"The Palestine National Library, the Azhar Library, and the ""National Cultural Center"" were destroyed by the Israel military."	Did Israel Destroy the Palestine National Library, the Azhar Library, and the ‘National Cultural Center’?
vclaim-sno-israel-nuclear-bomb-syria	Israel fired a tactical nuclear weapon at an Iranian base in Syria in late April 2018.	Did Israel Drop a Tactical Nuclear Bomb on Syria?
vclaim-sno-israelis-absent-911	Four thousand Israelis employed by companies housed in the World Trade Center stayed home from work on 9/11, warned in advance of the impending attack on the WTC.	Thousands of Israelis Were Absent from the WTC on 9/11?
vclaim-sno-iss-test-marijuana-space	A photograph shows astronaut Chris Hadfield holding a bag of marijuana aboard the International Space Station.	Did Astronaut Chris Hadfield Test the Effects of Marijuana in Space?
vclaim-sno-it39s-hard-being-a-top-app-worker	Photograph shows a Chinese worker seated at a rack of cell phones, manipulating App Store rankings.	It&#39s Hard Being a Top App Worker
vclaim-sno-it39s-only-a-strawberry-moon	June 2015 will see the appearance of a pink-colored ‘strawberry moon.’	A Pink Strawberry Moon Will Rise in June 2015
vclaim-sno-it39s-raining-fish	Photographs show the streets of Thailand after a heavy rain deposited fish on them.	Fish Rain Over Streets in Thailand
vclaim-sno-italian-doctor-multiple-sclerosis	An Italian doctor uncovered a surprisingly simple cure for multiple sclerosis in April 2016.	Italian Doctor Finds Surprisingly Simple Cure for Multiple Sclerosis?
vclaim-sno-italian-economist-removed-terrorism	Guido Menzio, an Italian economist, was removed from a plane because a fellow passenger thought the math problems he was working on looked suspicious.	Was an Italian Economist Removed from a Plane for Doing Math That Looked Like ‘Terrorism’?
vclaim-sno-italian-wedding-soup	Italian wedding soup gained its name from being traditionally served at weddings.	Italian Wedding Soup Origins
vclaim-sno-italy-200-deaths-24-hours	Almost 200 people in Italy died from the coronavirus in a 24-hour period between March 11 and 12, 2020.	Did Italy Confirm Almost 200 Coronavirus Deaths in 24 Hours?
vclaim-sno-italy-army-coffins-coronavirus	Images shared in March 2020 showed a convoy of military trucks transporting bodies away from an over-subscribed crematorium in Bergamo, Italy.	Did Video Show Italian Army Trucks Transporting Coffins Amid COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-italy-bill-gates-arrest	The government of Italy is calling for the arrest of Bill Gates.	Is Italy Calling for Bill Gates’ Arrest?
vclaim-sno-italy-doctor-corona-not-flu	A doctor in Italy shared numerous details about how hospitals in the country are dealing with COVID-19, a disease caused by the new coronavirus.	Did a Doctor in Italy Warn Coronavirus Wasn’t Just a ‘Bad Flu’?
vclaim-sno-italy-elderly-coronavirus	"Italy has stopped treating elderly coronavirus patients due to ""socialized medicine."""	Has Italy Stopped Treating the Elderly in the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-italy-seize-vatican-city	Italian law enforcement has arrested cardinals and seized Vatican City.	Did Italy Arrest Cardinals and Seize Vatican City?
vclaim-sno-its-not-brain-surgery	The Obama Health Care Plan disallows advanced neurosurgery for patients over 70.	Obamacare No Neurosurgery for Patients Over 70
vclaim-sno-iv-drug-users-needles-in-tproll	Intravenous drug users commonly clean their needles by sticking them into rolls of toilet paper in public bathrooms.	Are IV Drug Users Cleaning Needles by Poking Toilet Paper Rolls?
vclaim-sno-ivana-trump-enlargement-pills	Ivana Trump claimed her famous ex-husband Donald is addicted to penile enhancement pills.	Did Ex-Wife Ivana Claim Donald Trump Is Addicted to Penis Enlargement Pills?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-greenhouse-gases	"U.S. President Donald Trump's eldest daughter and adviser, Ivanka Trump, ""bragged"" about reduced greenhouse gas emissions in November 2020."	Did Ivanka Trump ‘Brag’ About Greenhouse Gases Dropping?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-mob-patriots-tweet	"U.S. President Donald Trump's daughter and White House adviser Ivanka Trump called a violent mob storming the Capitol ""patriots."""	Did Ivanka Trump Call a Capitol-Storming Mob ‘Patriots’?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-alaska-win	U.S. President Donald Trump's daughter and White House adviser, Ivanka Trump, celebrated the Associated Press' calling Alaska for her father in the 2020 election, after the president questioned why news media make such calls when the overall election wasn't going in his favor.	Did Ivanka Celebrate News Media Projecting Trump’s Alaska Win?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-ask-dad	"Ivanka Trump said, ""Let's not ask what my dad can do for us, let's ask what we can do for my dad."""	Did Ivanka Trump Say, ‘Let’s Ask What We Can Do for My Dad’?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-coffins-trademark	First daughter Ivanka Trump was granted a trademark on coffins in China and stands to profit from the COVID-19 pandemic.	Does Ivanka Trump Hold a Trademark on Coffins in China?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-disavows-her-father	Ivanka Trump disavowed her father Donald Trump during a press conference just before the 2016 presidential election.	Ivanka Trump Disavows Her Father
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-goya-products	Ivanka Trump advertised for Goya products.	Did Ivanka Trump Advertise Goya Products?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-hunter-biden	Ivanka Trump said Joe Biden's son Hunter has benefited from nepotism.	Did Ivanka Trump Say Hunter Biden Benefited from Nepotism?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-lap-sitting	A photograph shows Ivanka Trump grinding on the lap of her father, Donald Trump.	Ivanka Trump’s ‘Lap Dance’ with Donald
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-news-network-parler	"Ivanka Trump promoted the ""Trump News Network"" on Parler on Jan. 8, 2021."	Did Ivanka Trump Promote ‘Trump News Network’ on Parler?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-perception-reality	"First daughter Ivanka Trump once said that ""perception is more important than reality."""	Did Ivanka Trump Say ‘Perception Is More Important Than Reality’?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-rampage	President Trump's daughter Ivanka has been fired from her position at the White House.	Was Ivanka Trump Fired from the White House?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-said-if-donald-trump-wasnt-her-father-she-would-mace-him	"Ivanka Trump said that she would ""mace"" her ""father"" during an appearance on a talk show."	Ivanka Trump Said If Donald Trump Wasn’t Her Father, She Would ‘Mace’ Him?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-saudi-arabia-100-million-donation	Ivanka Trump, by way of a female entrepreneurship fund, received a $100 million donation from Saudi Arabia.	Did Saudi Arabia Give Ivanka Trump a $100 Million Donation?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-shot	In January 2018, Ivanka Trump was shot and critically wounded in Washington, D.C.	Was Ivanka Trump Critically Injured After Being Shot by a Sniper?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-voting-machines	China has granted a trademark for Ivanka Trump-branded voting machines.	Did China Grant a Trademark to Ivanka Trump for Voting Machines?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-will-move-into-white-house-to-fill-melanias-vacancy	Ivanka Trump will move into the White House because Melania Trump is not immediately planning to do so.	Ivanka Trump Will Move Into White House ‘to Fill Melania’s Vacancy’
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trump-with-vladimir-putin-and-wendi-murdoch	A photograph show Ivanka Trump with Vladimir Putin and Wendi Murdoch.	Does a Photograph Show Ivanka Trump with Vladimir Putin and Wendi Murdoch?
vclaim-sno-ivanka-trumps-line-rebranded-adrienne-vittadini	"In June 2018, Ivanka Trump adopted the alias ""Adrienne Vittadini"" to market her fashion line to unwitting buyers."	Has Ivanka Trump’s Line Been Rebranded as ‘Adrienne Vittadini’?
vclaim-sno-ivermectin-cure-coronavirus	A drug used to treat animal parasites like heartworm and roundworm is a potential cure for coronavirus.	Can Ivermectin Cure Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-j-k-rowling-drops-off-forbes-billionaires-list	Author J.K. Rowling was the first person to fall off of the Forbes billionaires list due to donating so much money to charity.	Did J.K. Rowling Drop Off Forbes Billionaires List Due to Charitable Donations?
vclaim-sno-jack-black-death-hoax	Actor Jack Black passed away in June 2016.	Jack Black Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-jack-johnsons-monkey-wrench	"The term ""monkey wrench"" was originally used to insult the tool's African-American inventor, Jack Johnson."	Did Jack Johnson Invent the Monkey Wrench?
vclaim-sno-jack-nicklaus-endorse-trump	Golfer Jack Nicklaus penned an open letter endorsing Donald Trump for president.	Did Golfer Jack Nicklaus Endorse Trump?
vclaim-sno-jack-sparrow-house-quibi	"A reality show called ""Jack Sparrow House"" aired on the short-form streaming platform Quibi."	Did ‘Jack Sparrow House’ Air on Quibi?
vclaim-sno-jackie-buyher	A 16-year-old girl named Jackie Buyher is missing from her Evansville, Indiana, home.	Missing Girl: Jackie Buyher
vclaim-sno-jackie-chan-death-hoax	Actor Jackie Chan was killed in an accident while filming a movie.	Jackie Chan Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-jackie-robinson-anthem	"Baseball player Jackie Robinson said, ""I cannot stand and sing the anthem. I cannot salute the flag; I know that I am a black man in a white world."""	Jackie Robinson: ‘I Cannot Stand and Sing the Anthem. I Cannot Salute the Flag’
vclaim-sno-jacksons-folly	The court declaration given by the 13-year-old boy Michael Jackson allegedly molested in 1993 has surfaced.	Is This the Declaration of a Boy Allegedly Molested by Michael Jackson?
vclaim-sno-jacksonville-beaches-photos	News reports used photographs taken in a different time or place to illustrate articles about the opening of Jacksonville beaches in April 2020.	Did the News Media Fake Photos of Jacksonville Beaches?
vclaim-sno-jacob-blake-sexual-assault-charge	Jacob Blake, whom a Kenosha, Wisconsin, police officer shot in August 2020, was once charged with raping a child in Wisconsin.	Was Jacob Blake Charged With Raping a Child?
vclaim-sno-jacob-hadcock	Christmas cards are requested for Jacob Hadcock, a four-year-old boy dying from leukemia.	Christmas Cards for Jacob Hadcock
vclaim-sno-jacob-thompson-xmas-cards	The family of a terminally ill boy is asking people to send him Christmas cards.	Terminally Ill Nine-Year-Old Hopes for Christmas Cards?
vclaim-sno-jacob-walter-anderson	Jacob Walter Anderson repeatedly raped a young woman but received only a $400 fine and deferred probation as punishment.	Was Jacob Walter Anderson Fined $400 for Repeatedly Raping a Baylor Student?
vclaim-sno-jacob-zuma-aircraft	President Zuma of South Africa purchased the world's most expensive plane.	Did South Africa’s President Purchase the World’s Most Expensive Aircraft?
vclaim-sno-jacobs-well-dangerous-california	"From an internet advertisement: ""No One Realizes How Dangerous This Popular Vacation Spot in California Actually Is."""	Is Jacob’s Well a Dangerous Vacation Spot in California?
vclaim-sno-jacqueline-saburido	Jacqueline Saburido, the victim of a drunk driving accident, seeks donations to help with the expenses of medical treatment for her extensive injuries.	Jacqueline Saburido Medical Appeal
vclaim-sno-jade-smith-birthday	Jaden Smith stated he wanted to have his penis removed on his 18th birthday.	Did Jaden Smith Say He Wanted His Penis Removed on His 18th Birthday?
vclaim-sno-jaden-smith-commits-suicide	Actor Jaden Smith committed suicide in July 2016.	Jaden Smith Commits Suicide
vclaim-sno-jagger-bowie-wife-rumor	David Bowie's wife said she once caught him in bed with Mick Jagger.	Did David Bowie’s Wife Say She Caught Him in Bed with Mick Jagger?
vclaim-sno-jail-overpay-child-support	A Houston man was sentenced to jail for paying too much child support for his son.	Was a Father Sent to Jail for Paying Too Much Child Support?
vclaim-sno-jake-angeli-viking-capitol-blm	A photograph showed U.S. Capitol rioter Jake Angeli taking part in a Black Lives Matter march, thus proving he was an instigator and not a Trump supporter.	Was Capitol Rioter in Horns and Furs an Antifa Instigator Who Took Part in BLM Protests?
vclaim-sno-jalal-brothers-shot-video	One of the Jalal Brothers was shot while filming a prank video.	FALSE: Jalal Brother Shot While Filming Prank
vclaim-sno-jaleel-white-net-worth-tears	Jaleel White's net worth left his family in tears.	No, Jaleel White’s Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-jamaica-me-sick	A burgled honeymoon couple gets a shock after developing the film left in their camera.	Toothbrush Bandits
vclaim-sno-james-brown-diplomatic-immunity	"James Brown's wife once tried to beat misdemeanor charges by claiming she was entitled to diplomatic immunity for being married to a musical ""ambassador."""	Is the ‘Ambassador’ of Soul Music Entitled to Diplomatic Immunity?
vclaim-sno-james-clapper-barack-obama-russia	"Former U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper ""outed"" President Barack Obama as the ""mastermind"" behind the ""Russia hoax."""	Did James Clapper ‘Out’ Barack Obama as the ‘Mastermind’ Behind the ‘Russia Hoax’?
vclaim-sno-james-clyburn-national-hymn	In January 2021, Rep. James Clyburn is introducing a proposal in the House of Representatives to make ‘Lift Every Voice and Sing’ a national hymn, putting it on equal standing with the national anthem.	Does Rep. Clyburn Want To Make ‘Lift Every Voice and Sing’ a National Hymn?
vclaim-sno-james-comey-seth-rich	Former FBI director James Comey covered up Seth Rich's purported links to WikiLeaks in order to protect Hillary Clinton and the DNC.	Did James Comey Cover Up a Murdered DNC Staffer’s Purported Links to WikiLeaks?
vclaim-sno-james-comey-taken-from-home	Former FBI Director James Comey was handcuffed and taken from his home by federal agents.	Was James Comey Taken from His Home by Feds at 3 A.M.?
vclaim-sno-james-dobson-transgender-fathers-shot	"James Dobson said that parents should shoot transgender individuals if they use the ""wrong"" restroom."	James Dobson Urges Parents to ‘Protect’ Children from ‘Tyrant Obama’ and ‘Transgender Bathrooms’
vclaim-sno-james-doohan-d-day	"Actor James Doohan, best known for his role as ""Scotty"" from the original Star Trek, was shot six times during D-Day."	Was James Doohan Shot Six Times on D-Day?
vclaim-sno-james-earl-jones-star-wars-london-segregation	A photograph shows actor James Earl Jones dressed as Darth Vader alongside 'Star Wars' stars Mark Hamill, Anthony Daniels, and Kenny Baker.	Is This James Earl Jones Dressed as Darth Vader?
vclaim-sno-james-garner-in-korea	Actor James Garner detected the presence of an enemy patrol during the Korean War through the smell of garlic.	James Garner in Korea
vclaim-sno-james-harrison-tweet-threat	Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison issued a tweet threatening teammates who were considering kneeling during the national anthem.	Did the Steelers’ James Harrison Threaten His Teammates?
vclaim-sno-james-maxwell-trump-son	"A birth certificate for ""James Maxwell Trump"" shows that he is the biological son of Ghislaine Maxwell and Donald Trump."	Is ‘James Maxwell Trump’ the Son of Ghislaine Maxwell and Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-james-okeefe-planning-infiltrate-womens-march-dc	"Sting video maker James O'Keefe plans to ""infiltrate"" the Women's March on Washington."	James O’Keefe Planning to Infiltrate Women’s March in DC?
vclaim-sno-jamie-allman-david-hogg-poker	Jamie Allman tweeted about sodomizing Parkland shooting survivor and activist David Hogg with a hot poker.	Did a Radio Host Tweet About Sodomizing a Parkland Survivor With a ‘Hot Poker’?
vclaim-sno-jamie-bulger	Two British teens who killed a child when they were ten years old were granted anonymity for life by the courts and released from custody in June 2001.	Murder of Jamie Bulger
vclaim-sno-jamie-foxx	Actor Jamie Foxx referred to Barack Obama as “our lord and savior.”	Jamie Foxx
vclaim-sno-jamie-lee-curtis	Actress Jamie Lee Curtis acknowledged in an interview that she was born with both male and female sex organs.	Jamie Lee Curtis: Male and Female?
vclaim-sno-jamie-oliver-mcdonalds-burgers	"Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver proved that the meat in McDonald's hamburgers is ""unfit for human consumption"" due to the use of beef trimmings treated with bacteria-killing ammonium hydroxide."	Did Jamie Oliver Prove McDonald’s Burgers Are Unfit for Human Consumption?
vclaim-sno-janaye-ervin	The Navy discharged a black sailor named Janaye Ervin for refusing to stand for the National Anthem.	Was a Navy Reservist Discharged for Protesting the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-jane-fonda-covid-gods-gift	"In October 2020, actress Jane Fonda said the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic was ""God's gift to the Left."""	Did Jane Fonda Say COVID-19 Was ‘God’s Gift to the Left’?
vclaim-sno-jane-fonda-pows	During a trip to North Vietnam, Jane Fonda turned smuggled messages from U.S. POWs over to their captors.	Did Jane Fonda Betray American POWs in North Vietnam?
vclaim-sno-jane-fonda-sir-scotts-oasis-steakhouse	Jane Fonda and Ted Turner were refused service in a restaurant run by a Vietnam War veteran.	Jane Fonda at Sir Scott’s Oasis Steakhouse
vclaim-sno-jane-goodall-trump-primate-behavior	Anthropologist Jane Goodall likened Donald Trump's actions to primates engaging in dominance behavior.	Did Jane Goodall Compare Donald Trump’s Actions to Primate Dominance Behavior?
vclaim-sno-janet-reno-cultist-definition	Janet Reno provided her definition of a 'cultist' during a '60 Minutes' interview in 1994.	Is This How Janet Reno Defined a ‘Cultist’?
vclaim-sno-janet-reno-donald-trump-never	"Former Attorney General Janet Reno said ""Donald Trump will never be president in my lifetime."""	Janet Reno Said ‘Donald Trump Will Never Be President in My Lifetime’
vclaim-sno-janitor-teens-life-insurance	An Illinois janitor collected $20 million in life insurance benefits on policies placed on teenagers who were then murdered.	Did a Janitor Collect $20 Million in Life Insurance on Dead Chicago Teens?
vclaim-sno-japan-5g-ban	The Japanese government banned the development of 5G technology over health concerns.	Did Japan Ban 5G Technology Over Health Concerns?
vclaim-sno-japan-ban-microwave-ovens	The government of Japan announced that it was banning microwave ovens' use in the country by 2020.	Did the Japanese Government Ban Microwave Ovens?
vclaim-sno-japan-dump-fukushima-nuclear-waste	Japan announced plans to dump 920,000 tons of nuclear waste from the Fukushima Nuclear Plant into the Pacific Ocean.	Japan to Dump Deadly Fukushima Waste into Pacific Ocean?
vclaim-sno-japanese-giant-emperor-moth	A photograph shows a Japanese Giant Emperor Moth.	Is This a Japanese Giant Emperor Moth?
vclaim-sno-japanese-man-pile-pornography-crushed-killed	A Japanese man was found dead months after being crushed by huge pile of pornography.	Was a Japanese Man Crushed to Death by a Pile of Pornography?
vclaim-sno-japanese-robotic-monster-wolves	A Japanese town used a pair of robots disguised as wolves to scare away bears from the area, after residents reported a rising number of encounters and sightings.	Did a Japanese Town Use Robotic ‘Monster’ Wolves To Scare Away Bears?
vclaim-sno-jared-fogle-released-due-to-overcrowding	Former Subway spokesman Jared Fogle was released from prison and placed on house arrest due to overcrowding.	Jared Fogle Released Due to Overcrowding?
vclaim-sno-jared-kushner-go-saudi-arabia-doesnt-extradition-treaty-us	Jared Kushner took a sudden trip to Saudi Arabia to avoid arrest amid Mueller's probe.	Did Jared Kushner Go to Saudi Arabia Because it Doesn’t Have an Extradition Treaty With the US?
vclaim-sno-jared-kushner-register-vote-new-york-woman	Jared Kushner registered to vote as a woman in New York.	Did Jared Kushner Register to Vote in New York as a Woman?
vclaim-sno-jared-kushner-tweets-deleted	White House senior adviser Jared Kushner deleted all of his tweets in the wake of a New York Times report on U.S. President Donald Trump's income taxes.	Did Jared Kushner Delete Tweets After News Surfaced About Trump’s Taxes?
vclaim-sno-jared-price-powerball-winner	A hedge fund manager named Jared Price won the $1.6 billion Powerball lottery.	FALSE: Hedge Fund Manager Jared Price Won $1.6 Billion Powerball
vclaim-sno-jasmine-the-greyhound	Photographs show Jasmine, a greyhound who cares for other animals at a wildlife sanctuary.	Jasmine the Greyhound
vclaim-sno-jason-lewis-dress-code	"Rep. Jason Lewis (R-Minnesota) called for women to have a ""demure and fully-covered"" dress code."	Did Congressman Jason Lewis Call for a Dress Code for American Women?
vclaim-sno-jason-pierre-paul-blows-off-other-hand-after-his-samsung-galaxy-note-7-explodes	New York Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul lost a hand when his cell phone exploded.	Jason Pierre-Paul Blows Off Other Hand After His Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Explodes
vclaim-sno-jaumlgermeister	Jägermeister contains deer or elk blood.	Blood in Jagermeister
vclaim-sno-jaws-of-life-save-tiger-woods	Rescue crews used the Jaws of Life to extricate Tiger Woods after a February 2021 vehicle crash.	Did Rescue Crews Have To Use the ‘Jaws of Life’ To Save Tiger Woods?
vclaim-sno-jay-johnston-capitol-riots	Actor Jay Johnston was photographed at the U.S. Capitol riot on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did Actor Jay Johnston Participate in US Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-jay-jon-dead	Singer Jay Jon was found dead shortly after the releasing the song “C.O.P.” on YouTube.	Jay Jon Dead?
vclaim-sno-jay-leno-gorgeous-husband	Jay Leno married a man.	Did Jay Leno Marry a ‘Gorgeous Husband’?
vclaim-sno-jay-z-dna-son-hakeem	A DNA test confirmed that actor Bryshere Y. Gray is the biological son of rap mogu Jay-Z.	Did DNA Confirm Hakeem from ‘Empire’ Is Jay-Z’s Biological Son?
vclaim-sno-jay-z-filmed-punching-12-year-old-female-fan	A video captures Jay-Z punching a 12-year-old girl after she tried to take his picture.	Was Jay-Z Filmed Punching a 12-Year-Old Female Fan?
vclaim-sno-jay-z-said-satan-is-our-true-lord-and-only-idiots-believe-in-jesus	"Musician Jay-Z said that ""satan is our true lord"" and that ""only idiots believe in Jesus"" during a backstage tirade in November 2017."	Did Jay Z Say ‘Satan Is Our True Lord’ and ‘Only Idiots Believe in Jesus’?
vclaim-sno-jayapal-maskless-congress	A video screen grab shows U.S. Rep. Pramila Jayapal flouting mask rules in the Capitol.	Did Rep. Pramila Jayapal Go Maskless in Congress?
vclaim-sno-jayne-mansfield	The car crash that killed Jayne Mansfield also decapitated her.	Was Jayne Mansfield Decapitated?
vclaim-sno-jazz-razz	News about swine flu cases in New Orleans has been suppressed to avoid interfering with attendance at Jazz Fest.	New Orleans Swine Flu Cases
vclaim-sno-jc-penney-fairview-heights-flag-controversy	"The JC Penney Portrait Studio in Fairview Heights, Illinois refused to take a photo with an American flag because it ""went against their belief."""	JC Penney Fairview Heights Flag Controversy
vclaim-sno-jcs-chairman-resignation-speech	Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford announced his retirement with a fiery political resignation speech.	What the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Must Tell the Nation
vclaim-sno-jean-luc-brunel-maxwell	A photograph shows U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts sitting next to Ghislaine Maxwell, an associate of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	No, a Photo Doesn’t Show Justice Roberts with Ghislaine Maxwell
vclaim-sno-jed-babbin-accordian-quote	"Jed Babbin said that ""going to war without France is like going deer hunting without an accordion."""	Jed Babbin Accordian Quote
vclaim-sno-jeep-at-half-the-price	Two men are still making payments on a Jeep Cherokee they sent to the bottom of a frozen lake during a duck-hunting mishap.	Dog Retrieves Dynamite, Sends Jeep Through Ice
vclaim-sno-jeepers-creepers-victor-salva-convicted-child-molestation	Director Victor Salva was convicted of child molestation.	‘Jeepers Creepers 3’ Director Victor Salva Was Convicted of Child Molestation?
vclaim-sno-jeff-bezos-donald-trump-amazon	Amazon.com CEO and founder Jeff Bezos has revoked Donald Trump's shopping privileges.	Jeff Bezos Revokes Donald Trump’s Amazon Shopping Privileges
vclaim-sno-jeff-flake-solar-energy	"At an Arizona town hall event, Sen. Jeff Flake told constituents ""we can't rely on solar power because we can't tell people they will not have lights during the night."""	Senator Jeff Flake: Solar Energy Can’t Power Lights at Night?
vclaim-sno-jeff-foxworthy-democrats-trump	Jeff Foxworthy once made a joke involving Democrat governors, small businesses, and U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Jeff Foxworthy Make a Joke About Democrat Governors and Trump?
vclaim-sno-jeff-foxworthy-slams-hillary-clinton	Comedian Jeff Foxworthy slammed Hillary Clinton and was attacked by liberals.	Jeff Foxworthy Gets Attacked by Liberals After Publicly SLAMMING Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-jeff-goldblum-food-truck	"Actor Jeff Goldblum has a food truck called ""Chef Goldblum's."""	Does Actor Jeff Goldblum Have a Food Truck Called ‘Chef Goldblum’s’?
vclaim-sno-jeff-goldblum-musk-zuckerberg	Jeff Goldblum criticized Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk for being capitalists during an MTV interview.	Did Jeff Goldblum ‘Trash’ Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg?
vclaim-sno-jeff-guice-sick-children	Mississippi State Representative Jeff Guice said that 'sick children should die if their parents can’t afford medical supplies.'	Did Jeff Guice Say ‘Sick Children Should Die If Their Parents Can’t Afford Medical Supplies’?
vclaim-sno-jeff-rothschild-third-world-war	"Facebook vice president Jeff Rothschild said ""In order to finalize the New World Order process we need a 3rd world war to exterminate 90% of the world's population."""	Did Facebook Executive Jeff Rothschild Say ‘We Need a Third World War’?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-disbarred	U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is to be disbarred from the Alabama State Bar Association due to a letter of complaint filed by 2,000 attorneys from across the U.S.	U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions Disbarred for Misconduct?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-immigrants-filth	Attorney General Jeff Sessions described immigrants as 'filth' during a speech in Arizona.	Did Jeff Sessions Refer to Immigrants as ‘Filth’?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-marijuana-rock-band	While in college, Attorney General Jeff Sessions was in a rock band whose lyrics and album titles championed the use of marijuana.	Did Jeff Sessions Praise Marijuana in a College Rock Band?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-pacific-island	"Attorney General Jeff Sessions said he's amazed a Hawaiian judge ""sitting on an island in the Pacific' can block executive orders."	Did Jeff Sessions Say He’s Amazed a Judge ‘On an Island in the Pacific’ Can Block Executive Orders?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-private-prisons	Attorney General Jeff Sessions has investments in the private prison industry.	Does Jeff Sessions Have Investments in the Private Prison Industry?
vclaim-sno-jeff-sessions-slammed-protections-for-disabled-students	Trump's Attorney General pick, Jeff Sessions, blasted a federal law protecting disabled children in the classroom.	Jeff Sessions Slammed Protections for Disabled Students?
vclaim-sno-jefferson-davis-statue-barack-obama	A recently removed statue of Jefferson Davis is being replaced with a large bronze tribute to Barack Obama.	Is a Jefferson Davis Statue to be Replaced with Obama Likeness?
vclaim-sno-jefferson-government-corrupt-liars	"U.S. President Thomas Jefferson said: ""The government will one day be corrupt and filled with liars, and the people will flock to the one that tells the truth."""	Did Thomas Jefferson Say ‘The Government Will One Day Be Corrupt and Filled With Liars’?
vclaim-sno-jefferson-the-barbary-wars	Thomas Jefferson sent the U.S. Navy to subdue Barbary pirates in the Mediterranean.	Did Thomas Jefferson Send the Navy to Subdue Barbary Pirates?
vclaim-sno-jeffrey-dahmer-next-ice-bong	A photograph shows serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer standing next to an ice bong.	Is This Jeffrey Dahmer Next to an Ice Bong?
vclaim-sno-jeffrey-david-cox-clinton-epstein	Union leader Jeffrey David Cox played a key role in an alleged Clinton-orchestrated conspiracy to kill Jeffrey Epstein in prison.	No, Jeffrey David Cox Wasn’t Involved in Any Clinton-Linked Conspiracy to Kill Jeffrey Epstein
vclaim-sno-jeffrey-epstein-trumps-introduce	Convicted sex offender and billionaire Jeffrey Epstein introduced Donald and Melania Trump.	Did Jeffrey Epstein Introduce Donald and Melania Trump?
vclaim-sno-jeffrey-toobin-zoom-exposure	Journalist Jeffrey Toobin was suspended from The New Yorker after he allegedly exposed himself during a Zoom meeting.	Was The New Yorker’s Jeffrey Toobin Suspended After Exposing Himself on a Zoom Call?
vclaim-sno-jehovahs-witness-russia-trump-asylum	President Trump offered asylum to Russian Jehovah's Witnesses.	Did Trump Warn Russia Over Jehovah’s Witnesses Ban and Urge Members to Seek Asylum in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-jen-moore-death	Journalist Jen Moore died under suspicious circumstances after contacting both the DHS and the FBI with allegations that former President Bill Clinton committed sexual assault.	Was Journalist Jen Moore Killed After Contacting Authorities About Bill Clinton?
vclaim-sno-jenkem	"A new drug called Jenkem, made by fermenting raw sewage, is a ""popular drug in American schools."""	Jenkem
vclaim-sno-jenna-tull-quote-age	A New York Democratic politician named Jenna Tull said that Americans should be euthanized when they hit 70.	Did ‘NY Democrat Jenna Tull’ Say ‘Americans Should Be Euthanized When They Hit 70?”
vclaim-sno-jenner-preggers	Reality star Kylie Jenner announced on Twitter she was pregnant by rapper Tyga.	Kylie Jenner (age 17), Pregnant By Rapper Tyga (25)
vclaim-sno-jennifer-aniston-delivers-angry-response-to-brangelina-breakup	Jennifer Aniston went on an angry tirade  on the 'Today Show' after she was asked about Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's divorce.	Jennifer Aniston Delivers Angry Response to ‘Brangelina’ Breakup
vclaim-sno-jennifer-aniston-homeless-story	Jennifer Aniston once reconnected a homeless 15-year-old single mother with her parents.	Jennifer Aniston Reunites Homeless 15-Year-old with Her Parents
vclaim-sno-jennifer-aniston-iwo-jima	Actress Jennifer Aniston wrote that gay rights activists should be ashamed for comparing themselves to those who fought at Iwo Jima.	Did Jennifer Aniston Criticize Gay Rights Activists Over Iwo Jima Comparisons?
vclaim-sno-jennifer-lawrence-911-trump	Actress Jennifer Lawrence said that the terrorist attacks on 9/11 wouldn't have happened if Donald Trump hadn't stolen the election.	Did Jennifer Lawrence Blame 9/11 on President Trump’s Stealing the Election?
vclaim-sno-jennifer-lawrence-hurricanes-trump	Actress Jennifer Lawrence blamed recent hurricanes in the U.S. on President Trump.	Did Jennifer Lawrence Say Hurricanes Are ‘Nature’s Wrath’ Against Trump?
vclaim-sno-jennifer-lopez-death-hoax	Jennifer Lopez was killed in an automobile accident in August 2019.	Jennifer Lopez Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-jerry-brown-felons	California Governor Jerry Brown signed a law allowing convicted felons to vote while still in prison.	Did California Governor Sign a Law Allowing Felons to Vote While in Prison?
vclaim-sno-jerry-brown-investigation	California's governor is under investigation for possible corruption.	Is California Governor Jerry Brown ‘Caught in the Middle’ of a Corruption Investigation?
vclaim-sno-jerry-brown-preparing-release-10000-pedophiles-rapists-prison	California governor Jerry Brown will release 10,000 convicted sex offenders following a judge's ruling.	Is Jerry Brown Preparing to Release ‘10,000 Pedophiles and Rapists’ From Prison?
vclaim-sno-jerry-brown-signs-law-banning-teachers	Gov. Jerry Brown of California signed a bill that bans teachers from carrying firearms and shooting back at school shooters.	Did California’s Governor Ban Teachers from Shooting Back at School Shooters?
vclaim-sno-jerry-brown-veto-wildfire-bill	Jerry Brown vetoed a wildfire management bill in 2016, contributing to the prevalence and risk of wildfires in the ensuing two years.	Did California Governor Jerry Brown Veto a Wildfire Management Bill, Increasing the Risk of Wildfires?
vclaim-sno-jerry-falwell-jr-president-looks	"Jerry Falwell Jr. posted a message on Facebook celebrating that ""we have a president"" who ""looks like us."""	Did Jerry Falwell Jr. Say We Have a President Who ‘Looks Like Us?’
vclaim-sno-jerry-falwell-racist-photo	Liberty University President Jerry Falwell Jr. tweeted a racist photograph showing one person in blackface and another in a Ku Klux Klan outfit.	Did Jerry Falwell Tweet a Racist Photo?
vclaim-sno-jerry-falwell-unzipped	A photograph shows evangelical Liberty University president Jerry Falwell, Jr. posing next to a woman with his pants unzipped.	Does a Photograph Show Jerry Falwell, Jr. with His Pants Unzipped?
vclaim-sno-jerry-jerry-dayton	"The brother of Dayton, Ohio, mass shooting victim Logan Turner posted a pro-Trump message on social media using the name ""Jerry Jerry."""	Did the Brother of a Dayton Mass Shooting Victim Post a Pro-Trump Message on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-jerry-jones-speech-911	"An NFL owner told his players they were ""actors"" playing the role of ""patriotic super heroes"" and therefore had to stand during the playing of the U.S. national anthem."	Did an NFL Owner Order His Players to Stand During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-jerry-maguire	"The MSNBC news and politics show ""The 11th Hour with Brian Williams"" cut to the famous ""you complete me"" scene from ""Jerry Magure"" instead of footage of a meeting between Kevin McCarthy and Donald Trump."	Did MSNBC Play ‘You Complete Me’ Jerry Maguire Clip While Reporting on McCarthy’s Meeting With Trump?
vclaim-sno-jerry-richards-serial-killer	Authorities discovered over 700 bodies buried in the backyard of Florida millionaire Jerry Richards.	Did Authorities Discover 700 Bodies Buried in a Florida Millionaire’s Yard?
vclaim-sno-jersey-pity	The “mainstream media” deliberately ignored an incident in which a Muslim man beheaded two Christians.	Mainstream Media ‘Ignores’ NJ Beheading
vclaim-sno-jesse-owens-and-hitler-handshake	A photograph shows Jesse Owens and Hitler shaking hands at the 1936 Olympics.	Jesse Owens and Hitler Shook Hands at the 1936 Summer Olympics?
vclaim-sno-jessica-biel-military-veteran	Jessica Biel served in the U.S. Armed Forces.	Is Hollywood Actress Jessica Biel a US Military Veteran?
vclaim-sno-jessica-leeds-phone-number-tied-to-clinton-foundation	The phone number of a woman who accused Donald Trump of sexually aggressive behavior matches that of a Clinton Foundation staffer.	Is Jessica Leeds’ Phone Number Tied to the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-jessica-ridgeway	A 10-year-old girl named Jessica Ridgeway is missing from her Westminster, Colorado home.	Missing Child: Jessica Ridgeway
vclaim-sno-jesus-in-the-clouds	Photograph snapped during a Korean War bombing raid shows an image of Jesus in the clouds.	Jesus in the Clouds
vclaim-sno-jesus-is-not-coming-back-vatican-says	A cardinal announced that the Catholic Church no longer believes that Jesus will return.	Jesus Is Not Coming Back, Vatican Says
vclaim-sno-jesus-modeled-on-borgia	The modern image of Jesus is modeled on Cesare Borgia, a gangster's son.	Is the Modern Face of Jesus Modeled on a ‘Gangster’s Son’?
vclaim-sno-jesus-statue-miraculously-opens-eyes	"Camera phone video taken in a Mexican church shows a statue of Jesus Christ ""miraculously"" opening and closing its eyes."	Jesus Statue ‘Miraculously’ Opens Eyes
vclaim-sno-jet-flyover-selfie	A photograph shows a pilot taking a selfie over a football stadium.	Is This a Military Pilot’s Selfie Taken During a Stadium Flyover?
vclaim-sno-jet-powered-flight-feet	A video shows a man flying through the air thanks to a jet-powered engine strapped to his feet.	Did This Man Fly Through the Air with a Jet-Powered Hoverboard Strapped to His Feet?
vclaim-sno-jet-scream	Photograph shows military jets in formation spelling out an obscene phrase.	Jets Spell ‘F*ck Off’
vclaim-sno-jet-ski-death-hoax	Singer Bret Michaels was killed in a jet-ski accident.	Bret Michaels Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-jet-threat	In 2014 President Obama threatened to shoot down Israeli jets planning an attack on Iran’s nuclear facilities.	Obama Threatened to Shoot Down IAF Iran Strike?
vclaim-sno-jetblue-offering-free-flights-to-orlando-for-victims-families	JetBlue is offering free flights to Orlando for family members and partners of the victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting.	JetBlue Offering Free Flights to Pulse Nightclub Victims’ Families
vclaim-sno-jetblue-snow-blizzard-photo	A photograph shows a JetBlue airliner buried in snow.	MISCAPTIONED: JetBlue Plane Buried by Snow
vclaim-sno-jewish-baby-stoned-by-arabs	Photograph shows a Jewish baby stoned by Arabs.	Jewish Baby Stoned by Arabs
vclaim-sno-jewish-mother-toddler-hug	Photograph depicts a Jewish mother hugging her toddler daughter before both were shot to death by Nazis.	Jewish Mother Hugs Toddler Before Holocaust Murders?
vclaim-sno-jews-ordered-to-register-in-ukraine	Jews in eastern Ukraine have been ordered to register with the government.	Jews Ordered to Register in East Ukraine?
vclaim-sno-jfk-doughnut	President John F. Kennedy called himself a jelly donut in his famous 1963 speech in Berlin, Germany.	Did John F. Kennedy Proclaim Himself to Be a Jelly Doughnut?
vclaim-sno-jfk-inaugural-parade-tanks	A photograph shows columns of tanks taking part in President John Kennedy's inaugural parade.	Did JFK’s Inaugural Parade Include Columns of Tanks?
vclaim-sno-jfk-jr-trump-unstoppable	"John F. Kennedy, Jr. wrote in 1999 that Donald Trump would be ""would be an unstoppable force for ultimate justice.'"	Did JFK Jr. Write in 1999 That Trump ‘Would Be an Unstoppable Force for Ultimate Justice’?
vclaim-sno-jfk-marijuana-use	JFK smoked cannabis in the White House during his presidency to treat various medical ailments.	Did JFK Use Marijuana as President?
vclaim-sno-jfk-plot-in-this-country-to-enslave	"President John F. Kennedy said: ""There's a plot in this country to enslave every man, woman and child. Before I leave this high and noble office, I intend to expose this plot."""	Did JFK Say ‘There’s a Plot in This Country to Enslave Every Man, Woman, and Child’?
vclaim-sno-jfk-presidential-salary	President John F. Kennedy donated his entire presidential salary to charity.	John F. Kennedy Donated His Entire Presidential Salary to Charity
vclaim-sno-jfk-senate-frontrunner	John F. Kennedy Jr. was a frontrunner for a U.S. Senate seat from New York just before he was killed in a suspicious plane crash in 1999.	Was JFK Jr. a U.S. Senate Frontrunner Before His ‘Suspicious’ Plane Crash?
vclaim-sno-jfk-the-crown-speech	"A speech delivered by the fictional John F. Kennedy in an episode of ""The Crown"" was derived from real utterances by Kennedy."	Was JFK’s Speech in Netflix’s ‘The Crown’ Authentic?
vclaim-sno-jiftip-condom-penis	In 2017 and 2018, teenage boys widely purchased and used a urethra-covering adhesive band called the Jiftip.	Are Teenagers Using Adhesives to Avoid Resorting to Condoms?
vclaim-sno-jihadi-parents-kiss-child-suicide-bombers-goodbye	A video shows 'jihadi' parents bidding farewell to their two children before one of them blew herself up in a suicide bomb attack.	Is This Video of ‘Jihadi Parents’ Kissing Child Suicide Bombers Goodbye?
vclaim-sno-jill-biden-babysitter-joe-biden	First lady Jill Biden was a teenager working as the Biden family babysitter when she started dating President Joe Biden.	Was Jill Biden Joe Biden’s Babysitter?
vclaim-sno-jill-biden-lunging-protect-joe	A photograph captures former second lady Jill Biden lunging to protect Joe Biden from protesters during a 2020 presidential campaign event.	Does a Photo Show Jill Biden Lunging To Protect Joe?
vclaim-sno-jill-biden-spanish-elected	If Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden is elected to the White House in November 2020, Jill Biden’s only initiative as first lady will be to require all Americans to learn Spanish.	Will Jill Biden Make All Americans Learn Spanish if Joe Biden is Elected President?
vclaim-sno-jill-stein-caught-embezzling-recount-funds-for-marijuana-dinner-party	"Jill Stein was arrested and charged with embezzling money raised for 2016 recount efforts in order to throw a ""marijuana dinner party."""	Jill Stein Caught Embezzling Recount Funds for Marijuana Dinner Party
vclaim-sno-jill-stein-endorsed-donald-trump	Jill Stein endorsed Donald Trump for President.	Did Jill Stein Endorse Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-jim-bakker-trump-porn-star	"A televangelist disclaimed Donald Trump's alleged affair with a porn actress as ""sharing the gospel."""	Did Jim Bakker Say ‘Trump Was Merely Sharing the Gospel with That Porn Star’?
vclaim-sno-jim-carrey-america-upside-down	"Actor Jim Carrey said that the United States is ""morally upside down."""	Did Jim Carrey Say the United States Is ‘Morally Upside Down?’
vclaim-sno-jim-carrey-death-hoax-2016	Actor Jim Carrey has died in a snowboarding accident.	Jim Carrey Death Hoax (2016)
vclaim-sno-jim-jordan-911-tweet	"U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan defended President Trump by proclaiming that Barack Obama and Joe Biden were ""cowering on Air Force One"" on 9/11."	Did Rep. Jim Jordan Say ‘Obama and Biden Were Cowering on Air Force 1’ on 9/11?
vclaim-sno-jim-mattis-pantyhose-gun-control	"Jim Mattis once criticized ""pantyhose-wearing"" politicians for imposing restrictions on gun use."	Did Former Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Criticize ‘Pantyhose-Wearing’ Politicians for Gun Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-jim-morrison-found-alive	Doors singer Jim Morrison has been found alive in a Paris retirement home.	Jim Morrison Found Alive in Paris Assisted Living Facility
vclaim-sno-jim-nabors-rock-hudson-marriage	Jim Nabors married Rock Hudson were married to each other.	Did Jim Nabors and Rock Hudson Get Married?
vclaim-sno-jim-thorpe-shoes-olympics	A photograph shows medalist Jim Thorpe wearing mismatched shoes at the 1912 Olympics.	Did Jim Thorpe Wear Mismatched Shoes at the 1912 Olympics?
vclaim-sno-jimi-hendrix-selfie	A photograph captures a selfie Jimi Hendrix took with Jim Morrison and Bruce Lee.	Is This a Selfie Jimi Hendrix Took with Jim Morrison and Bruce Lee?
vclaim-sno-jimmies-etymology	Jimmies, the sprinkles used on confections, are so named as a reference to Jim Crow.	Were Jimmies Named After Jim Crow?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-banned-iranian-immigrants	President Jimmy Carter banned Iranian nationals from entering the U.S. in a manner similar to Donald Trump's proposal to ban the entry of  Muslims.	Jimmy Carter Banned Iranian Immigrants
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-cancer-spreading	Former president Jimmy Carter has announced that the cancer in his liver has spread to other parts of his body.	Did Jimmy Carter Announce That His Cancer Is Spreading?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-functioning-democracy	"Former President Jimmy Carter said ""America has no functioning democracy at this moment."""	Did Jimmy Carter Say ‘America Has No Functioning Democracy at This Moment?’
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-helping-poor	"Jimmy Carter said, ""If you don't want your tax dollars to help the poor, then stop saying that you want a country based on Christian values. Because you don't!"""	Jimmy Carter on Helping the Poor
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-jesus-homosexuality	"Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter once noted that ""Jesus never said a word about homosexuality""?"	Did Jimmy Carter Say ‘Jesus Never Said a Word About Homosexuality’?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-losing-my-religion	"Jimmy Carter published an open letter entitled ""Losing My Religion for Equality."""	Did Jimmy Carter Pen the ‘Losing My Religion for Equality’ Op-Ed?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carter-woman-president-quote	Jimmy Carter said that the novelty of electing a woman president should not outweigh the duty of electing an honest president.	Jimmy Carter on the First Woman President
vclaim-sno-jimmy-carters-cancer-cured-marijuana	Jimmy Carter said that medical marijuana cured his cancer.	Jimmy Carter’s Cancer Cured by Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-john-liautaud-hunting-photos	Photographs show Jimmy John Liautaud, the owner of Jimmy John's Gourmet Sandwiches, on big game hunts.	Is the Owner of Jimmy John’s a Big-Game Hunter?
vclaim-sno-jimmy-stewart-ptsd-world-war-ii	Actor Jimmy Stewart suffered what would in 2019 be diagnosed as PTSD due to his experience as a World War II bomber pilot.	Did Jimmy Stewart Suffer PTSD from World War II Bombing Missions?
vclaim-sno-jingle-bail	Photograph shows a Christmas card featuring a family photograph taken in jail.	‘Merry Christmas from Behind Bars’ Holiday Card?
vclaim-sno-jingle-bells-thanksgiving-carol	Jingle Bells was written as a Christmas song.	Was ‘Jingle Bells’ Written as a Christmas Song?
vclaim-sno-jinxed-limo	The limousine Archduke Franz Ferdinand rode to his death in brought a curse upon all those who subsequently owned it.	Jinxed Limo
vclaim-sno-jj-watt-peloton-free-agent	Football player J.J. Watt used his Peloton profile to break news about his NFL future.	Did J.J. Watt Use Peloton Profile To Break Free Agency News?
vclaim-sno-jj-what	Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt was arrested for cocaine possession.	JJ Watt Caught with Drugs
vclaim-sno-jk-rowling-house-troll	Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling exacted revenge on a Twitter critic by monitoring his finances for two years and then buying his home.	Did J.K. Rowling Buy a Twitter User’s Home as Revenge for His Criticism?
vclaim-sno-jk-rowling-transphobia-transgender	In June 2019, J.K. Rowling definitively confirmed her antipathy towards trans women and/or opposition to trans inclusion.	Did J.K. Rowling ‘Confirm Her Stance Against Transgender Women’?
vclaim-sno-jlo-spanish-inauguration	"Jennifer Lopez said, ""One nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all” in Spanish during her rendition of, ""This Land Is Our Land"" at U.S. President Joe Biden's Inauguration."	What Did ‘J.Lo’ Say in Spanish During Biden Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-joakim-noah-west-point	Joakim Noah gave the finger to US soldiers and refused to eat with them while training at West Point.	Joakim Noah Gives U.S. Soldiers the Finger, Refuses to Eat With Them?
vclaim-sno-joan-miro-painting-sold-for-37-million	"A ""child-like"" painting by Joan Miro sold for $37 million."	Joan Miro Painting Sold for $37 Million
vclaim-sno-joanie-loves-chachi	The 1980s sitcom 'Joanie Loves Chachi' garnered tremendous ratings in Korea due to an inadvertent language issue.	Was ‘Joanie Loves Chachi’ the Highest-Rated TV Show Ever in Korea?
vclaim-sno-joanna-gaines-pregnant	'Fixer Upper' star Joanna Gaines is pregnant with her fifth child in January 2018.	Yes, Joanna Gaines from ‘Fixer Upper’ Is Pregnant
vclaim-sno-joanna-gaines-quitting-fixer-upper	"Joanna Gaines, who costars in the HGTV home improvement show ""Fixer Upper"" with her husband Chip, is leaving the show to start her own skincare line."	Is Joanna Gaines Quitting ‘Fixer Upper’?
vclaim-sno-jock-shock	Hockey commentator Don Cherry issued a sardonic comment on Iraqi prisoner abuse.	Jock Shock
vclaim-sno-jockey-shorted	A declared-dead jockey returned to the track and shocked the grandstand crowd.	Dead Jockey
vclaim-sno-jodi-arias-to-be-released	Jodi Arias was granted an early release from prison after an incident with correctional officers	Was Jodi Arias Released from Prison After ‘Incident’ with Correctional Officers?
vclaim-sno-joe-arpaio-misdeeds	A widely shared social media post accurately lists reprehensible acts committed by former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.	Are These Some Real Things Joe Arpaio Has Done?
vclaim-sno-joe-arpaio-taking-over-mccains-seat	Arizona's governor has appointed Sheriff Joe Arpaio to fill the late John McCain's U.S. Senate seat.	Is Sheriff Joe Arpaio Taking Over John McCain’s Seat in the Senate?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-age-of-consent-8	U.S. President Joe Biden, or his administration, announced in January 2021 that they would lower the age of sexual consent to 8 years old.	No, Joe Biden Did Not Lower the Age of Consent to 8
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-ancestors-own-slaves	Former Vice President Joe Biden's great-great-great grandfather owned a 14-year-old Black slave in 1850.	Did Joe Biden’s Great-Great-Great Grandfather Own a Slave?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-ask-reporter-junkie	During an interview, presumed U.S. Democratic 2020 presidential nominee Joe Biden asked a news reporter, “Are you a junkie?”	Did Joe Biden Ask a Reporter, ‘Are You a Junkie’?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-beat-biden	"Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden said during a May 2020 interview with CNBC that ""I'm going to beat Joe Biden."""	Did Joe Biden Say He’s ‘Going to Beat Joe Biden’?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-civil-rights-quote	Joe Biden once said that, “When it comes to civil rights and civil liberties, I’m a liberal but that’s it. I’m really quite conservative on most other issues.”	Did Joe Biden Once Say He Was Conservative About Most Issues Except Civil Rights?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-college-debt	U.S. Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden claimed he accumulated $280,000 in debt while attending college.	Did Joe Biden Claim He Accumulated $280,000 in College Debt?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-constitutional-rights	Vice President Joe Biden said that 'no ordinary American cares about their constitutional rights.'	Did Joe Biden Say ‘No Ordinary American Cares About Their Constitutional Rights’?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-corn-dog	Joe Biden said he eats the sticks in corn dogs.	Did Joe Biden Say He Eats the Sticks of Corn Dogs?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-defund-police	"U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden supports ""defunding"" police agencies."	Does Joe Biden Support ‘Defunding’ Police?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-dog-big	A photograph shows Joe Biden's unusually large dog.	Is Joe Biden’s Dog Unusually Big?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-endorsement	A confused U.S. Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden dropped out of the race and then endorsed himself.	Did Joe Biden Drop Out of the US Presidential Race and Then Endorse Himself?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-eye-blood	Blood spots were visible in the left eye of Joe Biden, a 2020 U.S. Democratic presidential candidate, during a CNN debate in September 2019.	Did Blood Gather in Joe Biden’s Eye During a CNN Town Hall Debate?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-germany-pearl-harbor	"Vice President Joe Biden once said that ""the Germans"" bombed Pearl Harbor."	Did Joe Biden Misremember Who Attacked Pearl Harbor?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-grope-photograph	A picture shows Vice President Joe Biden groping Stephanie Carter, wife of former defense secretary Ash Carter, during a government ceremony.	Did Joe Biden Grope Stephanie Carter During a Government Ceremony?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-hairy-legs-remark	"Joe Biden talked about what he described as his ""hairy legs"" during a public speech in Wilmington, Delaware."	Did Joe Biden Mention His ‘Hairy Legs’ In Public Remarks?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-international	There is a petition to change the name of Glasgow Prestwick Airport — which Donald Trump flies into when visiting his golf course Trump Turnberry — to Joe Biden International Airport.	Is There a Petition to Change a Scottish Airport’s Name to ‘Joe Biden International Airport’?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-island	Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden owns an island next to the island that was owned by Jeffrey Epstein.	Does Joe Biden Own an Island in the Caribbean?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-mansion	Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden owns the largest mansion in his state.	Does Joe Biden Own the Largest Mansion in His State?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-minnesota-tampa	"Joe Biden mistakenly greeted a crowd in Tampa, Florida, by saying, ""Hello, Minnesota!"""	Did Joe Biden Mistake Tampa for Minnesota?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-movie-set-oval-office	A photograph shows U.S. President Joe Biden on a movie set designed to look like the Oval Office.	Is This Biden on a Movie Set Resembling the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-n-word-recorded-speech	On Feb. 19, 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden uttered a racial slur referring to Black people in a recorded speech.	Did Joe Biden Use the N-Word in a Recorded Speech?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-no-empathy	"Former U.S. Vice President Joe Biden once said he had ""no empathy"" for the plight of younger people."	Did U.S. Presidential Candidate Joe Biden Say He Had ‘No Empathy’ for the Plight of Younger People?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-plagiarism	Then-U.S. Sen. Joe Biden withdrew from the 1988 presidential race after admitting to plagiarism and exaggeration of his academic record.	Did Joe Biden Drop Out of the ’88 Presidential Race After Admitting to Plagiarism?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-put-yall-back-in-chains	"Sen. Joe Biden told an audience which included hundreds of African Americans that Republican economic policies would ""put y'all back in chains."""	Did Joe Biden Tell a Racially Mixed Audience that Republicans Would ‘Put Y’All Back in Chains’?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-roe-v-wade-quote	Joe Biden once said that Roe v. Wade — the U.S. Supreme Court case that protects a pregnant woman's freedom to choose whether to have an abortion — went too far.	Did Joe Biden Once Say That Roe v. Wade “Went Too Far”?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-seal-team-6-reveal	Then-Vice President Joe Biden publicly revealed the identity of the special-operations unit responsible for Osama bin Laden’s killing during a 3 May 2011 speech at the Atlantic Council Awards Dinner.	Did Joe Biden Publicly Reveal the Identity of the Special-Ops Unit That Killed Bin Laden?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-shotgun	"Former Vice President Joe Biden once said, ""[If] you want to keep someone away from your house, just fire the shotgun through the door."""	Did Joe Biden Once Advise the Public to Use Shotguns for Self-Defense?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-slaves-great-grandfather	A photograph shows Joe Biden's great-grandfather, Joseph J. Biden, a Confederate soldier who owned slaves in the 1800s.	Did Joe Biden’s Great-Grandfather Own Slaves?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-stutter	U.S. President Joe Biden has a speech impediment.	Does Joe Biden Have a Speech Impediment?
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-walking-boot-gps	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden's walking boot conceals a GPS ankle bracelet that monitors people under arrest.	No, Joe Biden’s Walking Boot Isn’t Concealing a GPS Ankle Bracelet
vclaim-sno-joe-biden-war-hero-story	"U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden told a ""false"" or ""fabricated"" story about a war hero while on the campaign trail."	Did Joe Biden Tell a False Story About a War Hero?
vclaim-sno-joe-carnal	The image of a naked man is hidden in the artwork of Camel cigarette packs.	Did Camel Cigarettes Packs Include a ‘Hidden Naked Man’?
vclaim-sno-joe-diffie-die-from-lung-cancer	The cause of country music star Joe Diffie's death was lung cancer.	Did Country Singer Joe Diffie Die from Lung Cancer?
vclaim-sno-joe-exotic-coronavirus	"Joseph Maldonado-Passage, better known as Joe Exotic of ""Tiger King,"" has COVID-19 coronavirus disease."	Does ‘Tiger King’ Joe Exotic Have Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-joe-hoe-kamala-harris-billboard	"In August 2020, a car dealership in Massachusetts erected a billboard referring to 2020 U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden and his vice-presidential nominee, Kamala Harris, as ""Joe and the Hoe."""	Was Kamala Harris Called ‘Hoe’ on Car Dealer’s Billboard?
vclaim-sno-joe-jackson-death-hoax	Joe Jackson — patriarch of the entertainment family that includes singers Janet Jackson and the late Michael Jackson — has died of cancer.	Joe Jackson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-joe-jackson-medal-of-honor-death	The death of retired U.S. Air Force Colonel Joe Jackson, a Medal of Honor recipient, went unmentioned in January 2019.	Did Medal of Honor Recipient Joe Jackson Die Without Proper Tribute?
vclaim-sno-joe-jill-biden-booed-super-bowl	U.S. President Joe Biden and first lady Jill Biden were booed during their pre-recorded statement that aired just before the Super Bowl game on Feb. 7, 2021.	Were the Bidens Booed During Their Speech at the Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-joe-kennedy-pharma	Over the course of his career, Democratic Congressman Joe Kennedy has received $348,000 in campaign contributions from the pharmaceutical industry.	Has Rep. Joe Kennedy Received $348,000 in Donations from the Pharmaceutical Industry?
vclaim-sno-joe-kennedys-palm-beach-house-security-wall	A photograph shows a security wall outside Joe Kennedy's Palm Beach house.	Does Joe Kennedy’s Palm Beach House Have a Security Wall?
vclaim-sno-joe-morrissey-receptionist	Joe Morrissey, a Democrat, was elected to the Virginia State Senate even though he had sex with his teenage receptionist and has been disbarred.	Did Newly Elected Virginia Democrat Joe Morrissey in the Past Have Sex with His Teenage Receptionist?
vclaim-sno-joe-namath-kneel-national-anthem	A photograph shows quarterback Joe Namath kneeling during the national anthem in the 1970s.	Did NFL Quarterback Joe Namath Kneel During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-joe-plumber-dies	Joe the Plumber was killed in an accident after announcing he was seeking a seat in the U.S. Senate.	‘Joe the Plumber’ Dies in Freak Accident After Announcing Bid for Congress?
vclaim-sno-joe-you-know-i-won-letter-trump	"Former U.S. President Donald Trump left his successor, President Joe Biden, a letter that read, ""Joe, you know I won."""	Did Trump Write ‘Joe, You Know I Won’ in Letter to Biden?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-apologizes-for-using-lords-name-in-sermon	Pastor Joel Osteen apologized for using the Lord's name in a sermon.	Joel Osteen Apologizes for Using Lord’s Name in Sermon?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-crucifixion	"Preacher Joel Osteen was ""horrified"" at recently learning that Jesus was crucified."	Horrified Joel Osteen Learns About Crucifixion?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-divorce	"An advertisement purports to provide readers with ""the real reason behind Joel Osteen's divorce."""	Ad Claims To Know “Real Reason Behind Joel Osteen’s Divorce”
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-donald-trump	Televangelist Joel Osteen endorsed Donald Trump.	Joel Osteen Endorses Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-flood-tithing	Joel Osteen's Houston megachurch provided shelter only to the church's top financial contributors	Osteen’s Lakewood Church Checking Member’s Tithe Records?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-lady-gaga-event	Joel Osteen attended an event featuring Lady Gaga.	Did Televangelist Joel Osteen Attend an Event Featuring Lady Gaga?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-offered-5000-exchange-revealing-gods-plan	"Joel Osteen offered to reveal ""God's plan"" to anyone who donated $5,000 to his ministry."	Did Joel Osteen Offer to Reveal God’s Plan in Exchange for $5,000?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-prayer-accounts	"Joel Osteen Ministries implemented ""Prayer Request Accounts"" for parishioners seeking prayers."	Did Joel Osteen Implement ‘Prayer Request Accounts’ for Parishioners?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-resigned	Pastor Joel Osteen announced that he has resigned and renounced Christianity.	Did Joel Osteen Resign?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-rip-up-the-bible	Pastor Joel Osteen ripped up the Bible in an act of defiance.	Did Televangelist Joel Osteen Rip Up the Bible?
vclaim-sno-joel-osteen-sheeps-clothing	"American televangelist Joel Osteen has debuted a clothing line called ""Sheep's Clothing."""	Did Pastor Joel Osteen Launch a ‘Sheep’s Clothing’ Apparel Line?
vclaim-sno-joes-crab-shack-criticized-displaying-picture-man-hanged	The Joe's Crab Shack restaurant chain was criticized after a picture of a man being hanged was discovered on its table decor.	Was Joe’s Crab Shack Criticized for Displaying a Picture of a Man Being Hanged?
vclaim-sno-jogging-the-memory	Thomas Jefferson touted using a gun as a good form of physical and mental exercise.	Thomas Jefferson on Exercise
vclaim-sno-john-amos-dead	Actor John Amos died from a heart attack on 28 December 2016.	Is John Amos Dead?
vclaim-sno-john-and-lisa-hoax	Powerball winners John and Lisa are giving away money on Facebook.	John and Lisa Robinson Powerball Giveaway Hoax
vclaim-sno-john-barnes-on-tv-porn-dvds	Pornographic DVDs could be seen behind former soccer player John Barnes during an appearance on Sky News television.	Did John Barnes Appear on TV With Porn DVDs Behind Him?
vclaim-sno-john-beilman-las-vegas	The deaths of John Beilman and his daughter were linked to the Las Vegas mass shooting via a device found in Stephen Paddock's hotel room.	Upstate New York Murder-Suicide Linked to Las Vegas Mass Shooting?
vclaim-sno-john-cena-death-hoax	Wrestler John Cena died in a car accident in July 2016.	John Cena Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-john-crawford-police-shooting-meme	We evaluate the claims made in a viral 2018 meme about the police shooting death of John Crawford III.	The Death of John Crawford III
vclaim-sno-john-d-rockefellers-masonic-creed	"American tycoon and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller wrote a ""masonic creed"" that started with the sentence: ""We will keep their lives short and their minds weak while pretending to do the opposite."""	Is This John D. Rockefeller’s ‘Masonic Creed’?
vclaim-sno-john-elway-fires-kneeling-players	Denver Broncos general manager John Elway fired three players for kneeling during the national anthem.	Did John Elway Fire Denver Broncos Players for Kneeling During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-john-elway-players-kneeling	Denver Broncos owner John Elway said any player who kneels during the national anthem would be fired on the spot.	Did John Elway Lay Down the Law on Players Kneeling During National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-john-fawcett-predator-warning	John Fawcett, a suspect in a number of sex crimes against a child victim, remains at large.	John Fawcett Predator Warning
vclaim-sno-john-gebhardt	Photograph shows a U.S. airman comforting an injured Iraqi child.	John Gebhardt
vclaim-sno-john-hancock-and-bull-story	"When John Hancock affixed his famously large signature to the Declaration of Independence, he proclaimed, ""There, I guess King George will be able to read that!"""	John Hancock on His Declaration of Independence Signature
vclaim-sno-john-hanson-president	John Hanson was the first President of the United States of America.	Was John Hanson the First U.S. President?
vclaim-sno-john-kasich-said-we-cant-entrust-abortion-decision-to-women	"John Kasich said if women can't be trusted to ""keep their legs closed,"" then they are unfit to choose abortion."	John Kasich Said We Can’t Entrust ‘Abortion Decision’ to Women?
vclaim-sno-john-kasich-teachers-lounges	Republican presidential candidate John Kasich said that he would abolish teachers' lounges.	John Kasich Would Abolish Teachers’ Lounges
vclaim-sno-john-kerry-daughter-nonprofit	"Secretary of State John Kerry ""funneled"" taxpayer money into his daughter's global charity."	John Kerry ‘Funneled’ State Department Funds to Daughter’s Organization?
vclaim-sno-john-kerry-iranian-son-law	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry hide a close familial connection to an Iranian official with whom he negotiated a nuclear deal.	Did John Kerry Hide His Connection to an Iranian Official with Whom He Negotiated a Nuclear Deal?
vclaim-sno-john-kerry-property	John Kerry, who was selected by U.S. President-elect Joe Biden to serve as climate envoy, owns six homes, two yachts, 12 cars, and a private jet.	Does John Kerry Own Multiple Houses, Cars, and Yachts?
vclaim-sno-john-kerry-suggests-media-cover-terrorism-less	"John Kerry suggested that the media cover acts of terrorism less often, and perhaps people might not ""know what's going on."""	John Kerry Suggests Media Cover Terrorism Less
vclaim-sno-john-lennon-anticipate-donald-trump	"John Lennon said in 1981 that the ""only way out of the messes we've created"" is to elect a businessman."	Did John Lennon Anticipate the Election of Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-john-lennon-gun-death-rate	There have been more than 1.1 million gun-related deaths in the U.S. since John Lennon was killed on 8 December 1980.	Have There Been at Least 1.1M Gun Deaths in the US Since John Lennon’s Murder?
vclaim-sno-john-lennon-ringo-best-drummer	"John Lennon once asserted that Ringo Starr ""wasn't even the best drummer in the Beatles."""	Did John Lennon Say ‘Ringo Wasn’t Even the Best Drummer in the Beatles’?
vclaim-sno-john-lewis-avoided-paying-taxes-d-c-townhouse	Congressman John Lewis didn't pay property taxes on his townhouse in Washington, D.C.	John Lewis ‘Avoided’ Paying Property Taxes on Washington, D.C. Townhouse?
vclaim-sno-john-madden-death-hoax	Hall of Fame coach John Madden passed away in 2014 at age 78.	John Madden Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-democratic-party	"Senator John McCain once said that  ""the Democratic Party is a fine party, and I have no problems with it."""	John McCain on the Democratic Party
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-fire-uss-forrestal	A catastrophic fire aboard the aircraft carrier USS Forrestal in 1967 that killed 134 sailors and injured 161 was caused by reckless behavior on the part of then-Navy pilot John McCain.	Did John McCain Cause a Fire Aboard the USS Forrestal that Killed 134 People?
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-last-words-trump	Senator John McCain's final words consisted of a foul-mouthed attack on President Donald Trump.	Did John McCain Launch a Foul-Mouthed Attack on President Trump with His Last Words?
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-meets-isis-leader	A photograph shows Senator John McCain posing with ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.	Does This Photograph Show John McCain Meeting Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi?
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-retires	John McCain was no longer a U.S. Senator as of July 2017.	John McCain No Longer a Senator?
vclaim-sno-john-mccain-war-crimes	Senator John McCain admitted that he was a 'war criminal' and was pardoned by President Nixon for his crimes.	Did John McCain Admit He Was a ‘War Criminal’?
vclaim-sno-john-mccains-sons	A viral email from 2008 describes the military pedigrees of Senator John McCain's sons.	John McCain’s Sons
vclaim-sno-john-podesta-discussed-alien-technology-with-former-nasa-astronaut	Wikileaks’ dump of John Podesta’s e-mails reveal conversations he had with a former NASA astronaut about the existence of aliens, alien technology, and space warfare.	Leaked E-mails Show John Podesta Discussed Alien Technology with Former NASA Astronaut
vclaim-sno-john-podesta-spirit-cooking	"Hillary Clinton and John Podesta practice a satanic ritual known as ""spirit cooking."""	Was Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta Involved in Satanic ‘Spirit Cooking’?
vclaim-sno-john-steinbeck-horror-story-gum	Author John Steinbeck wrote a short horror story about a boy who loves to chew gum only to find he is being chewed by the gum.	Did John Steinbeck Write a Horror Story About a Kid Being Chewed By Gum?
vclaim-sno-john-wayne-airport	Democratic leaders in Orange County, California, are trying to change the name of John Wayne Airport.	Are California Dems Trying to Change the Name of John Wayne Airport?
vclaim-sno-john-wayne-native-americans	John Wayne once said that the taking of land from Native Americans was justifiable because they were 'selfishly trying to keep it for themselves.'	Did John Wayne Say Native Americans ‘Selfishly’ Tried to Keep Their Land?
vclaim-sno-john-wayne-white-supremacy	"John Wayne said that he believed in white supremacy during an interview with ""Playboy"" magazine."	Did John Wayne Say He Believed in White Supremacy?
vclaim-sno-john-wesley-manifesto	A list of principles shared on social media in late 2019 was a manifesto written by 18th-century theologian John Wesley.	Is This an Authentic John Wesley ‘Manifesto’?
vclaim-sno-johnny-carson-tp-shortage	Johnny Carson caused a toilet paper shortage in 1973 after making a joke on The Tonight Show.	Did Johnny Carson Cause a Toilet Paper Shortage in 1973?
vclaim-sno-johnny-depp-charged-patriot-act	Actor Johnny Depp will be charged with conspiracy to assassinate the president and held as a terrorist enemy combatant after joking about assassinating President Trump.	Johnny Depp to Be Charged and Held Under the Patriot Act?
vclaim-sno-johns-hopkins-coronavirus-map	A map from Johns Hopkins University that shows the spread of COVID-19 contains malware.	Does Johns Hopkins University’s Coronavirus Map Contain Malware?
vclaim-sno-johns-hopkins-covid-deaths	An article titled “COVID-19 Deaths: A Look at U.S. Data” was published in the Johns Hopkins student-run newspaper on Nov. 22, 2020, and subsequently retracted.	Did Johns Hopkins Student Newspaper Retract Article Claiming COVID-19 Deaths ‘Not Above Normal’?
vclaim-sno-johns-hopkins-covid-summary	"Johns Hopkins University published this ""excellent summary"" on avoiding COVID-19."	Did Johns Hopkins Publish This ‘Excellent Summary’ of COVID-19 Advice?
vclaim-sno-johnson--johnson	"Johnson & Johnson ""admitted"" that their brand baby products contain formaldehyde, which is a known carcinogen."	Did Johnson and Johnson Admit Their Baby Products Contain Cancer-Causing Formaldehyde?
vclaim-sno-johnson-johnson-formaldehyde	"Johnson & Johnson ""admitted"" that their brand baby products contain formaldehyde, which is a known carcinogen."	Did Johnson and Johnson Admit Their Baby Products Contain Cancer-Causing Formaldehyde?
vclaim-sno-johny-bravo-the-rock-powerpuff-girls	"An official movie poster shows Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson as the cartoon character Johnny Bravo."	Are Johnny Bravo and Powerpuff Girls Films on the Way?
vclaim-sno-joint-chiefs-during-sotu	Photo depicts the Joint Chiefs of Staff giving President Obama the finger during the State of the Union address.	Joint Chiefs of Staff Flip Obama Off During SOTU?
vclaim-sno-jojo-siwa-come-came-out-gay-lgbt	"Joelle ""JoJo"" Siwa came out as gay in January 2021."	Did JoJo Siwa Come Out as Gay?
vclaim-sno-joker-face-paint-governor-japan	In March 2021, a man sporting face paint in the likeness of comic book supervillain The Joker announced that he was running for governor in a Japanese district known as Chiba Prefecture.	Is a Man in Joker Face Paint Running for Governor in Japan?
vclaim-sno-joker-kickflip-over-batman	A photograph shows Heath Ledger's Joker doing a skateboard kickflip over Batman.	Does This Image  Show Heath Ledger’s Joker Doing a Skateboard Kickflip Over Batman?
vclaim-sno-jon-voight-donald-trump	"Jon Voight once said ""I pray all Americans who have seen and felt the meltdown of America with the Obama years, to please fight for Donald Trump"""	Did Jon Voight Urge Americans to ‘Fight for Donald Trump’?
vclaim-sno-jon-voight	Actor Jon Voight penned an open letter to President Obama.	An Open Letter to President Obama – Jon Voight
vclaim-sno-joni-ernst-covid-hoax-mask-doctors	"U.S. Sen. Joni Ernst received the COVID-19 vaccine after calling COVID-19 a ""hoax,"" being an ""anti-masker,"" and claiming doctors exaggerated the number of COVID-related deaths in order to enrich themselves."	Did Joni Ernst Get Early COVID-19 Vax After Calling Virus Hoax, Opposing Masks?
vclaim-sno-jordan-chandler-jackson	Jordan Chandler admitted that he lied about having been sexually molested by Michael Jackson.	Did Jordan Chandler Confess He Lied About Being Molested by Michael Jackson?
vclaim-sno-jordan-embry39s-like-farm	Jordan Embry is giving away thousands of dollars to people who like his Facebook page.	Jordan Embry's Like Farm
vclaim-sno-jordan-nike-board	Michael Jordan resigned from the board at Nike and took his Air Jordan line of apparel with him.	Did Michael Jordan Resign from the Board at Nike and Take ‘Air Jordans’ with Him?
vclaim-sno-jorgensen-40k	Jo Jorgensen, the Libertarian candidate in the 2020 U.S. presidential election, lost over 40,000 votes in 10 minutes as votes were being counted in Pennsylvania.	Did Libertarian Candidate Jo Jorgensen Lose 40K Votes in 10 Minutes in Pennsylvania?
vclaim-sno-joseph-rummerfield	A 37-year-old man named Joseph Rummerfield is missing from the Tulare, California, area.	Missing Person: Joseph Rummerfield
vclaim-sno-josh-moores-breastfeeding-comment	New Hampshire state representative Josh Moore said that a woman shouldn't breastfeed in public if she doesn't want to be groped by men.	Rep. Josh Moore’s Breastfeeding Comment
vclaim-sno-joshua-bell-company	Violinist Joshua Bell played incognito in a Washington subway.	Did Violinist Joshua Bell Play Incognito in a Subway?
vclaim-sno-joshua-tree-shutdown	Some visitors to Joshua Tree National Park cut down trees and perpetrated other acts of vandalism in January 2019 while staff, whose numbers were diminished due to the federal government shutdown, attempted to monitor visitor behavior.	Did Visitors to Joshua Tree National Park Cut Down Trees During the Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-jostle-hustle	ATM users in the UK are robbed by newspaper distributors who jostle their victims during transactions.	Newspaper Distributors Rob ATM Users
vclaim-sno-journal-endorses-911-conspiracy-theory	The European Scientific Journal, a peer-reviewed academic publication, concluded that the collapse of the Twin Towers and World Trade Center Building 7 on 11 September 2001 was the result of a controlled demolition.	Did a European Scientific Journal Conclude 9/11 Was a Controlled Demolition?
vclaim-sno-joy-behar-grabbed-robin-williams-by-the-crotch	A 2006 photograph shows 'The View' host Joy Behar grabbing Robin Williams' crotch.	Did ‘View’ Host Joy Behar Grab Robin Williams by the Crotch?
vclaim-sno-joy-behar-trump-tower-fire	"Joy Behar of ""The View"" sent a crass tweet about a fatal fire in Trump Tower."	Did Joy Behar Publish a Crude Tweet About a Fire at Trump Tower?
vclaim-sno-joyce-meyer-dead-at-73	"Joyce Meyer died ""shortly after taking ill"" in October 2016."	Joyce Meyer Dead at 73
vclaim-sno-joys-muslim-women-nonie-darwish	An article details treatment of women in the Muslim world.	Joys of Muslim Women – Nonie Darwish
vclaim-sno-jpl-scientist-cbp-phone	CBP seized the phone of American-born JPL scientist Sidd Bikkannavar and demanded access to its stored data.	American-Born JPL Scientist Forced to Unlock a NASA Phone by U.S. Customs and Border Protection?
vclaim-sno-judd-nelson-dead	Actor Judd Nelson has died.	Judd Nelson Dead?
vclaim-sno-judge-arrest-the-president-congress	A judge has called for the FBI and U.S. Marshals to arrest the President.	FALSE: Judge Calls U.S. Marshals, FBI to Arrest the President and Congress
vclaim-sno-judge-award-sasha-malia-obama	"A judge awarded the ""biological father"" of Sasha and Malia Obama a court settlement of $14 million."	Did Judge Award Sasha and Malia Obama’s ‘Biological Father’ $14 Million?
vclaim-sno-judge-bans-vegetable-gardens	"A Florida judge ruled that the government can ban vegetable gardens because they're ""ugly."""	Judges Rules the Government Can Ban Vegetable Gardens
vclaim-sno-judge-curiel-la-raza-kkk	"U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of the ""Latino KKK"" group La Raza."	Judge Curiel a Member of ‘Latino KKK Hate Group’ Called ‘La Raza’
vclaim-sno-judge-dread	Letter from Judge David Kithil provides accurate line item criticisms of “Obamacare” health care reform legislation.	Judge David Kithil on Obamacare
vclaim-sno-judge-white-woman-tried-african-american	A judge in Detroit ordered that a white woman should stand trial as an African American instead.	Did a Judge Order That a White Woman Be Tried As an African-American?
vclaim-sno-judges-agree-barr-indict-clinton	A panel of 16 judges concluded that U.S. Attorney General William Barr has enough evidence to indict Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama on conspiracy charges.	Did Judges Agree AG Barr Has ‘Enough to Indict Clinton and Obama’?
vclaim-sno-judi-dench-harvey-weinstein-tattoo	Actress Judi Dench has Havey Weinstein's initials tattooed on her butt.	Does Judi Dench Have a Harvey Weinstein Tattoo?
vclaim-sno-juice-jacking-real-security-issue	"People should avoid plugging their phones into a public USB port due to a security threat called ""juice-jacking."""	Is ‘Juice-Jacking’ via Public USB Ports a Real Security Threat?
vclaim-sno-juli-briskman-elected-flip-trump	In January 2021, Juli Briskman, a Democrat from Virginia who once flipped off President Donald Trump's motorcade, was elected to office in a jurisdiction where one of his golf clubs is located.	Did Juli Briskman Lose Her Job After Flipping Off Trump, Then Get Elected in County Home to His Golf Club?
vclaim-sno-julia-roberts-harriet-tubman	In the mid-1990s, a film studio executive proposed casting Julia Roberts as the abolitionist former slave Harriet Tubman.	Did a Studio Exec Once Propose Casting Julia Roberts as Harriet Tubman?
vclaim-sno-julia-roberts-headline	A newspaper published an Associated Press article about Julia Roberts with an altered headline that carried sexual connotations.	Is This a Real Newspaper Headline About Julia Roberts?
vclaim-sno-julia-roberts-say-michelle-obama-isnt-fit-clean-melania-trumps-toilet	Julia Roberts said that former First Lady Michelle Obama was not fit to clean Melania Trump's toilet.	Did Julia Roberts Say Michelle Obama ‘Isn’t Fit to Clean Melania Trump’s Toilet?’
vclaim-sno-julia-stiles-transgender	Actress Julia Stiles is transgender, and a photograph shows her before gender reassignment surgery.	Is Julia Stiles Transgender?
vclaim-sno-julian-assange-bernie-sanders-was-threatened	WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Bernie Sanders was threatened to drop out of the presidential race.	Julian Assange Said Bernie Sanders Won Race, Was Threatened
vclaim-sno-julian-assange-drone-strike	Hillary Clinton proposed assassinating Julian Assange via drone strike to silence WikiLeaks.	To Silence Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton Proposed Drone Strike on Julian Assange?
vclaim-sno-juliane-koepcke-plane-crash	Juliane Koepcke survived 10 days alone in the Amazon rainforest after falling nearly two miles during a plane crash.	Was Teenager Juliane Koepcke the Lone Survivor of a 1971 Plane Crash?
vclaim-sno-julianne-buzzelli-and-alexis-bailey	Teenage girls Julianne Buzzelli and Alexis Bailey are missing from their southern California home.	Missing Girls: Julianne Buzzelli and Alexis Bailey
vclaim-sno-julie-sandmann-smallpox-blankets	"Julie Sandmann, the mother of a teenager involved in a viral confrontation with a Native American, wrote on Twitter that she wished the pioneers had ""brought more blankets with smallpox"""	Did Julie Sandmann Say She Wished ‘Pioneers Had Brought More Blankets with Smallpox’?
vclaim-sno-julie-swetnick-restraining-order	Kavanaugh accuser Julie Swetnick has a restraining order against her from an ex-boyfriend.	Does Kavanaugh Accuser Julie Swetnick Have a Restraining Order Against Her by a Former Boyfriend?
vclaim-sno-july-fourth-parade-russia-flyover	Russian military planes performed a flyover during U.S. President Donald Trump's Fourth of July parade in 2019.	Did Trump’s Fourth of July Parade Feature a Flyover by Russian Planes?
vclaim-sno-jumbo-love	A village in India learned the hard way not to interfere with the course of pachyderm True Love.	Elephant Love
vclaim-sno-jumpin39-jack-flash	Actor John Ritter’s testicles were briefly visible in an episode of	John Ritter Flashes Camera?
vclaim-sno-jupiter-moons	A photograph taken in the summer of 2020 shows Jupiter in the sky surrounded by its four largest moons.	Does a Photo Show Jupiter and Its Four Moons?
vclaim-sno-jupiter-saturn-christmas-star	"On Dec. 21, 2020, Jupiter and Saturn will align to make a rare ""Christmas star."""	Will Jupiter and Saturn Align To Make ‘Christmas Star’ in 2020?
vclaim-sno-jurys-doubt	President Obama filed federal charges against Darren Wilson moments after a grand jury’s decision not to indict him was announced.	Obama Files Federal Charges Against Darren Wilson Following Grand Jury Decision in Shooting Murder of Michael Brown
vclaim-sno-jussie-smollett-cnn-job	Actor Jussie Smollett was offered a job at CNN.	Was ‘Empire’ Actor Jussie Smollett Offered a Job at CNN?
vclaim-sno-just-deserts-meaning	"A person who gets what he deserves is said to have received his ""just desserts."""	Just Deserts
vclaim-sno-just-dying-to-get-out	People have been buried alive by mistake.	Have People Been Buried Alive?
vclaim-sno-just-one-state-cost-illegals-los-angeles	A listing provides accurate statistics about the number and costs of undocumented immigrants in Los Angeles County.	Are These the True Costs of Immigrants in Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-just-stay	A young Marine spends the night in a hospital comforting a dying stranger.	Just Stay
vclaim-sno-just-the-facts	"'Dragnet''s Sgt. Joe Friday character frequently implored female informants to provide ""Just the facts, ma'am."""	Dragnet: ‘Just the Facts. Ma’am’
vclaim-sno-just-visiting	George Zimmerman was arrested while visiting Ferguson, Missouri.	George Zimmerman Arrested While Visiting Ferguson
vclaim-sno-justice-department-facebook-anti-trump-activists	The Justice Department issued search warrants seeking Facebook user information connected to activist efforts against President Donald Trump.	Did the Justice Department Demand Facebook Information for ‘Anti-Trump Activists’?
vclaim-sno-justice-roberts-impeachment-vote	"U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts called the U.S. House impeachment vote on President Donald Trump ""immoral and possibly illegal."""	Did Justice Roberts Call Impeachment Vote ‘Immoral and Possibly Illegal’?
vclaim-sno-justin-bieber-han-solo	Justin Bieber has been cast as a young Han Solo in an upcomming Star Wars movie.	Disney Casts Justin Bieber as Young Han Solo?
vclaim-sno-justin-bieber-own-cellphone	Pop star Justin Bieber no longer owns a cellphone.	Does Justin Bieber No Longer Own a Cellphone?
vclaim-sno-justin-bieber-stabbed	Justin Bieber has been stabbed by a crazed fan.	Justin Bieber Stabbed
vclaim-sno-justin-schneider	"Justin Schneider was ""given no jail time,"" despite having strangled and assaulted a hitchhiker in Anchorage, Alaska, in 2017."	Did Justin Schneider Avoid Jail Time Despite Strangling and Assaulting a Female Hitchhiker?
vclaim-sno-justin-time	Justin Bieber befriended a fan who had been raped after attending one of his concerts.	Justin Bieber Helps a Rape Victim
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeau-arrest-clowns	Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau announced a new law to arrest and fine anyone wearing clown costumes.	Justin Trudeau: “Clowns Will Be Arrested and Fined $10,000”
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeau-is-fidel-castros-love-child	Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau is Fidel Castro’s son.	Is Justin Trudeau Fidel Castro’s Love Child?
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeau-kiss-thomas-mulcair	A photograph shows Canadian Prime Minster Justin Trudeau kissing opposition leader Thomas Mulcair.	Canadian Prime Minister and Opposition Leader Share Kiss to Denounce Orlando Massacre
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeau-pardon-marijuana	Justin Trudeau has freed from prison and expunged the record of every convicted marijuana user in Canada.	Justin Trudeau to Pardon All Prisoners Convicted of a Marijuana Offence
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeau-waters-a-tree-in-the-rain	A photograph shows Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau watering a tree in the rain.	Is This Justin Trudeau Watering a Tree in the Rain?
vclaim-sno-justin-trudeaus-eyebrow	A video shows a false eyebrow falling off the face of Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau at the G7 Summit.	Did Justin Trudeau’s Eyebrow Fall Off at the G7 Summit?
vclaim-sno-juval-aviv	Juval Aviv correctly predicted upcoming terrorist attacks against the U.K. and the U.S.	Juval Aviv Terrorist Predictions
vclaim-sno-kaepernick-anthem-stand-if-signed	In October 2017, Colin Kaepernick told a CBS reporter he would stand for the national atnthem if he were signed by an NFL team.	Did Colin Kaepernick Say He Would Stand for the National Anthem If Signed by an NFL Team?
vclaim-sno-kaepernick-disney	"Disney ""hired"" Colin Kaepernick to ""teach your kids about American history."""	Did Disney ‘Hire’ Colin Kaepernick To ‘Teach Your Kids About American History’?
vclaim-sno-kaepernick-nike-endorsement	"Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick lost an endorsement deal with sports apparel manufacturer Nike for going on ""an anti-white rant."""	Did Colin Kaepernick Immediately Lose a Nike Endorsement After an Anti-White Rant?
vclaim-sno-kaepernick-remove-national-anthem	Colin Kaepernick is lobbying to remove the National Anthem from football games.	Did Colin Kaepernick Lobby to Remove the National Anthem from Football?
vclaim-sno-kaepernick-wears-castro-t-shirt	At a press conference, NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick wore a T-shirt bearing photos of Malcolm X and communist dictator Fidel Castro.	Colin Kaepernick Wears Fidel Castro T-Shirt at Press Conference
vclaim-sno-kaganroo-court	President Obama nominated Elena Kagan for the U.S. Supreme Court as a reward for her help in getting nine challenges to his eligibility dismissed.	FALSE: Elena Kagan Tied to Obama's Birth Certificate
vclaim-sno-kaine-yelling-at-his-mistress	An audio tape captures VP candidate Tim Kaine yelling at his mistress.	Recording Captures Tim Kaine Yelling at His Mistress
vclaim-sno-kaitlan-collins-cnn-mansion	A website revealed that CNN journalist Kaitlan Collins lives in an insane mansion.	Does CNN Correspondent Kaitlan Collins Live in an ‘Insane Mansion’?
vclaim-sno-kake-kake-kake	A KKK chapter successfully sued a black-owned bakery for refusing to make them a birthday cake.	KKK Wins Lawsuit Against Bakery for Discrimination
vclaim-sno-kaldrick-donald	Kaldrick Donald was unnecessarily shot and killed by a police officer after his mother called police for assistance in transporting him to a mental hospital.	Shooting Death of Kaldrick Donald: Justified or Excessive?
vclaim-sno-kaleb-shriners-hospitals-death	Kaleb-Wolf De Melo Torres, an osteogenesis imperfecta (brittle bone disease) patient, died in late February 2021.	No, Kaleb From Shriners Hospitals Ads Has Not Died
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-abortion-until-birth	U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., supports the ability to carry out abortions up until the time a woman gives birth.	Did Kamala Harris Support Abortion Until the Time of Giving Birth?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-affair-willie-brown	Vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris had an extramarital affair with former San Francisco Mayor and State Assembly Speaker Willie Brown, who gave her two political appointments that launched her political career.	Did Kamala Harris Have an Extramarital Affair with Willie Brown That Boosted Her Career?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-ancestor-slaves	U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris is descended from the 19th-century slave owner Hamilton Brown.	Did U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris’ Ancestor Own Slaves in Jamaica?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-berkeley-busing	Sen. Kamala Harris lied about being in the second racially integrated class at Berkeley Public Schools.	Did Kamala Harris ‘Lie’ About Being in the Second Integrated Class in Berkeley?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-big-deal-vp	A meme accurately describes the discrimination that Kamala Harris, a Black woman, would have faced under previous U.S. vice presidents.	Does a Meme Accurately Describe ‘Why It’s a Big Deal Kamala Harris is VP’?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-birth-certificate	"An image of U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris' birth certificate shows that the document identified her race as ""Caucasian."""	Does Kamala Harris’ Birth Certificate Identify Her as ‘Caucasian’?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-call-biden-racist	U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris called former Vice President Joe Biden a racist during a presidential debate.	Did Kamala Harris Call Joe Biden a Racist?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-eligibility	Sen. Kamala Harris is not eligible to serve as U.S. President because neither of her parents was “a legal resident for 5 years prior to [her] birth” and she was “not raised in the United States.”	Is Kamala Harris Not Eligible to Serve as U.S. President?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-guns-confiscation	"U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris said, ""If elected [president] and you don't surrender your guns, I will sign an executive order and the police will show up at your door."""	Did Kamala Harris Say She’d Sign an Executive Order to Confiscate Guns?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-homeless-mother	U.S. Senator Kamala Harris bragged, boasted or laughed about prosecuting a homeless single mother in a January 2010 speech.	Did Kamala Harris Once Boast About Prosecuting a Homeless Mother?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-jacob-blake-proud	"U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris met with Jacob Blake — who, a meme claimed, ""raped a woman” — and told him that she was “proud of him” in September 2020."	Did Kamala Harris Tell Jacob Blake She Was ‘Proud of Him’?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-jussie-smollett	Senator Kamala Harris is the aunt of actor Jussie Smollett.	Is Kamala Harris Jussie Smollett’s Aunt?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-koran	Kamala Harris said she would be sworn in with a Koran (Quran).	Did Kamala Harris Choose to be Sworn in with a Koran?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-legalize-prostitution	In a February 2019 interview, then-U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris called for the legalization of prostitution.	Does Kamala Harris Want To Legalize Prostitution?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-military-cowards	"U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris said ""Our military are soulless cowards. Their budget must be cut."""	Did Kamala Harris Say ’Our Military Are Soulless Cowards’?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-montel-williams	Photographs show Kamala Harris and talk show host Montel Williams on the red carpet in 2001.	Do Photos Show Kamala Harris With Montel Williams?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-pearls-election-day	In the days leading up to the 2020 general election, social media users encouraged one another to wear pearls in honor of Democratic vice-presidential candidate Kamala Harris, not the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.	Did Voters Wear Pearls on Election Day To Honor Kamala Harris?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-plagiarize-mlk	In an October 2020 interview, U.S. Vice President-elect Kamala Harris recounted an anecdote about her experience attending a civil rights protest as a toddler that was plagiarized from a 1965 interview with Martin Luther King Jr.	Did Kamala Harris Plagiarize Martin Luther King Jr.?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-planned-parenthood	Kamala Harris declined to prosecute Planned Parenthood for selling aborted baby parts, but prosecuted the journalists who exposed that crime.	Did Kamala Harris Prosecute Journalists Who Exposed Planned Parenthood?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-police-statements	A meme documents contradictory statements about the value of enhanced police presence offered by Kamala Harris.	Did Kamala Harris Make These Contrasting Statements About Police?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-protests	In a June 2020 interview, U.S. Democratic vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris said of the nationwide anti-police brutality protests: “Everyone beware. They're not gonna stop before election day in November, and they're not gonna stop after election day ... They’re not gonna let up, and they should not.”	Did Kamala Harris Say Protests Are ‘Not Gonna Let Up, and They Should Not’?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-sworn-in-purse	U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris took the oath of office with her hand on a purse.	Was Vice President Kamala Harris Sworn in On a Purse?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-va-facilities	U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris announced plans to cut funding to the Veterans Administration (VA) by shuttering VA facilities.	Did VP Kamala Harris Cut Funding to VA Facilities?
vclaim-sno-kamala-harris-white-lab-coats	"U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris said that ""White lab coats are a sign of doctors' racism."""	Did U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris Say ‘White Lab Coats Are a Sign of Doctors’ Racism’?
vclaim-sno-kansas-city-churches	Churches are required by the local government to record and register lists of attendees for tracking purposes in Kansas City, Missouri.	Is Kansas City Ordering Churchgoers To Register with the Government?
vclaim-sno-kansas-city-library	A photograph shows a library parking facade lined with giant-sized representations of books.	Is This the Kansas City Library?
vclaim-sno-kanye-banned	Kanye West has been banned from all future award shows.	Kanye West Has Been Banned from Future Award Shows?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-confederate-flag	A photograph shows Kanye West wearing a jacket with a Confederate flag patch.	Did Kanye West Wear a Confederate Flag Patch?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-elon-musk	"Elon Musk tweeted, ""we may have more differences of opinion than I anticipated"" when shown an article about Kanye West's 2020 presidential platform."	Did Elon Musk Tell Kanye West, ‘We May Have More Differences of Opinion Than I Anticipated’?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-harriet-tubman	"Kanye West said, ""Harriet Tubman never actually freed the slaves."""	Did Kanye West Say Harriet Tubman Didn’t Free Slaves?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-receive-60000-votes	A Facebook post sharing screenshots of state-by-state vote counts taken on Nov. 4, 2020, showed rapper Kanye West as having garnered tens of thousands of presidential votes in the general election.	Did Kanye West Receive 60K Votes for US President?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-votes-kentucky	A news channel reported in October 2020 that musician Kanye West had received 40,000 votes in Kentucky for U.S. president.	Did Kanye West Get 40K Votes in Kentucky for US President?
vclaim-sno-kanye-west-wanted-for-jewelry-insurance-scam	"Musician Kanye West is wanted by police for a jewelry ""insurance scam."""	Kanye West Wanted for Jewelry Insurance Scam
vclaim-sno-karat-slices	Goldschlager liqueur contains gold flakes for the purpose of producing small cuts in the throats of imbibers, thereby speeding alcohol ingestion.	Gold in Goldschlager Rumor
vclaim-sno-kardashian-west-split	Kanye West and Kim Kardashian announced that they were divorcing in October 2018.	Are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Divorcing?
vclaim-sno-karen-pence-mask-debate	U.S. second lady Karen Pence did not wear a mask during the vice presidential debate in October 2020.	Did Karen Pence Fail To Wear a Mask During the VP Debate?
vclaim-sno-karen-pence-school-lgbt	In January 2019, Second Lady Karen Pence began working as a teacher at a school that bans LGBT teachers and students.	Did Second Lady Karen Pence Work at a School That Bans LGBT Teachers and Students?
vclaim-sno-karen-perry-family-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Karen Perry, who lost her three children in a Thanksgiving-eve plane crash.	Karen Perry Family Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-karin-mcquillan-pen-op-ed-arguing-trump-right-africa	Former Peace Corps volunteer Karin McQuillan wrote an opinion piece arguing that President Trump was right about Africa.	Did a Former Peace Corps Volunteer Defend Trump’s Sh*thole Comments?
vclaim-sno-karissa-boudreau	A 12-year-old girl named Karissa Boudreau is missing from her Bridgewater, Nova Scotia, home.	Missing Child: Karissa Boudreau
vclaim-sno-karl-marx-banknote-released-germany	A zero value banknote was released in honor of Karl Marx's 200th birthday.	Was a Karl Marx Banknote Released in Germany?
vclaim-sno-karl-rove-biden-inauguration	In an interview on Fox News, conservative pundit Karl Rove criticized U.S. President Joe Biden’s inauguration speech, saying, “The racism thing to me is — I was offended in the speech.”	Was Karl Rove ‘Offended’ by Biden’s Inauguration Speech?
vclaim-sno-karolyi-illegal-immigrants	U.S. Gymnastics coaches Bela and Marta Karolyi were illegal immigrants.	U.S. Gymnastics Coaches Bela and Marta Karolyi Were Illegal Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-kasich-women-and-kitchens	John Kasich said he won elections because women came out of their kitchens to vote for him.	John Kasich ‘Women and Kitchens’ Controversy
vclaim-sno-kate-middleton-baby-bombshell	"Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, ""just dropped an unexpected baby bombshell."""	Kate Middleton ‘Just Dropped an Unexpected Baby Bombshell’?
vclaim-sno-kate-ogg	A newborn child declared dead revived after being placed on his mother's chest.	Did a Mother’s Hugs Bring Her Dead Son Back to Life?
vclaim-sno-kate-winslet-big-hips	"A photograph showing Kate Winslet against a background featuring the words ""BIG HIPS"" is authentic."	Is the Kate Winslet ‘Big Hips’ Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-kate-winslet-breath-underwater	"Actress Kate Winslet held her breath underwater for seven minutes and 14 seconds while filming ""Avatar 2."""	Did Kate Winslet Hold Her Breath For Almost 8 Minutes Underwater?
vclaim-sno-katelyn-marie-craven	A 22 year-old woman named Katelyn Marie Craven is missing from the Alexandria, Virginia area.	Missing Person: Katelyn Marie Craven
vclaim-sno-katharine-hepburn-circus	Katharine Hepburn wrote about her father giving their money away so another father could buy circus tickets for his family.	Is This ‘Learning Story’ About Circus Tickets from Katharine Hepburn?
vclaim-sno-katherine-lea-maiden	A 16-year-old girl named Katherine Lea Maiden is missing from her Idaho home.	Missing Child: Katherine Lea Maiden
vclaim-sno-katherine-web-kiss-cam	"Images from a ""kiss cam"" suggest an awkward moment between model Katherine Webb and a young boy."	Did a Kiss Cam Show Model Katherine Webb with a Young Boy?
vclaim-sno-kathleen-omara-1919-poem	"Kathleen O'Mara is the author of a poem written ""during the 1919 pandemic."""	Was This Pandemic Poem Written by Kathleen O’Mara in 1919?
vclaim-sno-kathy-griffin-emmy-speech	"During the 2007 Emmy Awards ceremony, actress Kathy Griffin  told Jesus to ""suck it"" and said that her Emmy was now her God."	Did Kathy Griffin Tell Jesus to ‘Suck It’?
vclaim-sno-kathy-griffin-shot-and-killed-trying-escape-custody	Comedian Kathy Griffin was shot and killed while trying to escape custody.	Was Kathy Griffin Shot and Killed Trying to Escape Custody?
vclaim-sno-kathy-hoffman-dr-seuss-book	"Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction Kathy Hoffman advocated teaching students about ""masturbation and sexual positions"" after she was sworn into office with her hand on a Dr. Seuss book."	Did Arizona Superintendent Kathy Hoffman Push for Sex Ed in Kindergarten?
vclaim-sno-katie-couric-husband	Katie Couric is married to Matt Lauer.	Is Katie Couric Married to Matt Lauer?
vclaim-sno-katie-flynn-car-crash	Katie Flynn was decapitated while wearing a seat belt, in a 2005 car crash on Long Island, New York.	Was a Young Girl Decapitated by a Seat Belt in a Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-katie-hopkins-euthanasia-vans-elderly	Liberal feminist Katie Hopkins advocated for driving euthanasia vans around to kill off the elderly.	Did ‘Liberal Feminist’ Katie Hopkins Advocate ‘Euthanasia Vans’ for the Elderly?
vclaim-sno-katie-kirkpatrick	Photographs show Katie Kirkpatrick, a 21-year-old cancer victim who passed away five days after her wedding.	Katie Kirkpatrick
vclaim-sno-katrina-and-the-waves	Various rumors about the effect of Hurricane Katrina on gasoline supplies and prices.	Hurricane Katrina and Gas Prices
vclaim-sno-katrina-pierson-mccain-tweet	"In December 2018, Trump 2020 campaign advisor Katrina Pierson demanded that Sen. John McCain ""answer questions"" -- four months after his death."	Did a Trump Campaign Advisor Demand Sen. John McCain ‘Answer Questions’ — Four Months After His Death?
vclaim-sno-katrina-pierson-shoplifting-unemployment	Donald Trump campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson was arrested for shoplifting and continued to collect unemployment benefits while working.	Katrina Pierson Arrested for Shoplifting, Illegally Collected Unemployment?
vclaim-sno-katy-perry-cannibalism	In an interview with a French radio station, Katy Perry revealed a preference for eating human meat.	Katy Perry Reveals Penchant for Cannibalism?
vclaim-sno-katy-perry-coexist-isis-surrender	"Katy Perry's call for people to ""coexist"" after the Manchester bombing has inspired ISIS to lay down its arms."	Katy Perry’s Plea for Coexistence Inspires ISIS to Surrender?
vclaim-sno-katy-perry-grammys-handcuffs	Katy Perry was taken from the Grammys in handcuffs after threatening President Trump.	Was Katy Perry Taken from the Grammys in Handcuffs?
vclaim-sno-katy-perry-satan-bucket-list	Singer Katy Perry advised her fans to “add praying to Satan to your bucket list.“	Did Katy Perry Say Praying to Satan Should Be On Your Bucket List?
vclaim-sno-kavanaugh-accuser-soros-ties	"Kavanaugh accuser Deborah Ramirez has ""ties"" to billionaire philanthropist George Soros."	Does Kavanaugh Accuser Deborah Ramirez Have ‘Ties to George Soros’?
vclaim-sno-kavanaugh-disabilities-elective-surgeries	U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh argued that disabled people could be forced to have elective surgeries, including abortions.	Did Brett Kavanaugh Argue That People with Disabilities Could Be Forced to Undergo Elective Surgeries, Including Abortions?
vclaim-sno-kavanaugh-fatal-shooting-verdict	After an off-duty police officer shot Brian Hundley, a jury found the officer had acted negligently and lied about the event, but Judge Brett Kavanaugh overturned the finding.	Did a Jury Find That a Cop Had Lied About a Fatal Shooting, But Brett Kavanaugh Threw Out the Verdict?
vclaim-sno-kavanaugh-house-vandals	Left-wing protesters vandalized the home of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.	Did Protesters Vandalize Brett Kavanaugh’s House?
vclaim-sno-kay-jewelers-switching-out-diamonds	Kay Jewelers regularly replaces diamonds with fakes or inferior stones during service and maintenance appointments.	Is Kay Jewelers Replacing Diamonds With Fakes During Repair and Cleaning?
vclaim-sno-kaydance-bearden	A 2-year-old girl named Kaydance Bearden was kidnapped from her Arkansas home.	Missing Persons: Kaydance Bearden
vclaim-sno-kayla-jones	A girl named Kayla Jones is missing from the Millbrook, Alabama, area.	Missing Child: Kayla Jones
vclaim-sno-kayne-wheelchair-basketball	Rapper Kanye West scored 106 points in a charity basketball game against a team of children in wheelchairs.	Did Kanye West Score 106 Points Against a Wheelchair Basketball Team?
vclaim-sno-kazuo-uzuki	Teen Japanese pitching phenom Kazuo Uzuki is poised to become a star in Major League baseball.	Kazuo Uzuki
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-blood-drinking	Actor Keanu Reeves stated that Hollywood elites engage in the ritual abuse of children and the practice of drinking their blood.	Did Keanu Reeves Say Hollywood Elites Use the ‘Blood of Babies’ to Get High?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-kidney-cash	Keanu Reeves gave an envelope of cash to a stranger in order to help pay for a kidney transplant.	Did Keanu Reeves Help Pay for a Stranger’s Kidney Transplant with an Envelope of Cash?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-live-life-fully-quote	"Keanu Reeves said: ""None of us are getting out of here alive, so please stop treating yourself like an after thought."""	Did Keanu Reeves Really Say This About Living Life Fully?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-prostitutes-quote	Keanu Reeves lamented the objectification of women in an uncharacteristic way.	Keanu Reeves ‘Prostitutes’ Quote
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-road-to-heaven-quote	"Keanu Reeves once said or wrote, ""I don't care how much you don't like me. The last time I checked, the road to heaven wasn't through your yard."""	Did Keanu Reeves Say ‘The Road to Heaven Isn’t Through Your Yard’?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-saves-cats	A photograph shows Keanu Reeves and dozens of cats he saved from euthanasia.	Did Actor Keanu Reeves Save Dozens of Cats from Euthanasia?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-tragedy-quote	Keanu Reeves posted a message on his personal Facebook page about the difficulties he has overcome in life.	Quoth Keanu?
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-tragic-story	Keanu Reeves overcame a series of tragic events in his life, before and after becoming a wealthy movie star.	The Tragic Life of Keanu Reeves
vclaim-sno-keanu-reeves-trump-successful-man	"Actor Keanu Reeves said, ""For me, Trump is the symbol of a successful man and a role model for every young American."""	Did Keanu Reeves Say ‘Trump Is the Symbol of a Successful Man’?
vclaim-sno-keaton-jones-beaten-robbed-gofundme-bullying	Keaton Jones, known for a viral video about bullying, was beaten and robbed of luxury items purchased with money raised via GoFundMe.	Was Bullying Victim Keaton Jones Beaten and Robbed of GoFundMe Money?
vclaim-sno-keep-america-american	Mitt Romney’s campaign slogan, “Keep America American,” is identical to a catchphrase once used by the Ku Klux Klan.	Keep America American
vclaim-sno-keeping-tab	The name of the Tab brand diet soft drink was formed from an acronym for 'totally artificial beverage.'	Does the Tab Soft Drink Name Stand for ‘Totally Artificial Beverage’?
vclaim-sno-kehinde-wiley-painted-black-woman-severed-head	Kehinde Wiley, the artist who painted former President Barack Obama's official portrait, also produced a pair of paintings depicting black women decapitating white people.	Did Obama’s Portraitist Paint an Image of a Black Woman Holding the Severed Head of a White Person?
vclaim-sno-kehlani-found-dead	Singer Kehlani was found dead in her home of an apparent suicide on 28 March 2016.	Singer Kehlani Found Dead in Home Bathroom; Apparent Suicide
vclaim-sno-keith-ellison-former-girlfriend-photo	A photograph depicts a former girlfriend badly beaten by Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota.	Does This Photograph Show a Woman Abused by Keith Ellison?
vclaim-sno-keith-passmore-murder	The murder of Georgia youth Keith Passmore has been ignored by the media because the victim was white.	Media Covered Up the Murder of Keith Passmore?
vclaim-sno-keith-richards-dead-satire	Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards passed away in January 2016.	No, Keith Richards Is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-keith-richards-knife-donald-trump	Keith Richards once pulled a knife on Donald Trump.	Keith Richards Pulled a Knife on Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-keke-challenge-gone-wrong	"A video captures a young woman being struck by an automobile while performing the ""Keke Challenge."""	Is This ‘Keke Challenge Gone Wrong’ Video Real?
vclaim-sno-kelloggs-corn-flakes-masturbation	Kellogg's Corn Flakes were originally created in an effort to discourage American consumers from masturbating.	Were Kellogg’s Corn Flakes Created as an ‘Anti-Masturbatory Morning Meal’?
vclaim-sno-kelloggs-peanut-flour-allergies	Kellogg's is adding traces of peanut flour to its products.	Kellogg’s to Add Peanut Flour to Products
vclaim-sno-kelloggs-ranch-pop-tarts	"Kellogg's released a ""Ranch Pop-Tart."""	Did Kellogg’s Release Ranch-Flavored Pop-Tarts?
vclaim-sno-kelly-clarkson-giveaway-christmas	Singer and television host Kelly Clarkson was giving away up to $200,000 to the first 300 people who commented with “CHRISTMAS” under one of her videos.	Was Kelly Clarkson Giving Away $200K for Christmas in 2020?
vclaim-sno-kelly-loeffler-kkk-member-photo	A photograph shows Georgia Sen. Kelly Loeffler with former KKK member Chester Doles.	Was Sen. Kelly Loeffler Pictured With Former KKK Member?
vclaim-sno-kelly-maher-race-education	Bill Maher and Megyn Kelly argued that 8- and 9-year-olds shouldn't be burdened with race issues.	Did Bill Maher, Megyn Kelly Argue Kids Shouldn’t Be Burdened With Race Issues?
vclaim-sno-kelly-woiszwillo	14-year-old Kelly Woiszwillo is missing from her Massachusetts home.	Missing Child: Kelly Woiszwillo
vclaim-sno-kellyanne-conway-beauty-intellect	"Kellyanne Conway said that liberal women hate her because of her ""striking beauty and intellect."""	Did Kellyanne Conway Say Liberal Women Hate Her Because of Her ‘Striking Beauty and Intellect’?
vclaim-sno-kellyanne-conway-fistfight	Kellyanne Conway punched a man while breaking up a fight at an inauguration ball.	Did Kellyanne Conway Get Into a Fistfight on Inauguration Day?
vclaim-sno-kellyanne-conway-nba-champions	Kellyanne Conway said she would 'make sure' that the Golden State Warriors were required to visit the White House after winning the NBA title.	Did Kellyanne Conway Try to Require NBA Champions to Visit the White House?
vclaim-sno-kellyanne-conway-simplicity-pattern	A Gucci ensemble worn by Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway to the inauguration closely resembled a 1970s 'Simplicity' pattern.	Did Kellyanne Conway’s Inaugural Dress Copy a 1970s Simplicity Pattern?
vclaim-sno-kelsey-nicole-ray	A 16-year-old girl named Kelsey Ray is missing from her Montana home.	Missing Girl: Kelsey Nicole Ray
vclaim-sno-ken-buck-kill-em-all-shirt	U.S. Rep. Ken Buck, a Republican from Colorado, attended a campaign rally wearing a T-shirt that read, “Kill ‘Em All. Let God Sort ‘Em Out.”	Did US Rep. Wear ‘Kill ‘Em All’ Shirt to GOP Event?
vclaim-sno-ken-karen-weapons-protesters	A video shows two people waving guns at protesters in front of their home.	Did a Couple Dubbed ‘Ken and Karen’ Point Guns at Protesters?
vclaim-sno-kendra-shanice-reid-video	A video shows two men lynching Kendra Shanice Reid.	Was Winston-Salem Student Kendra Shanice Reid Murdered on Video?
vclaim-sno-kendrick-lamar-destroys-zimmerman-gun	Kendrick Lamar bought and publicly destroyed the gun used by George Zimmerman to kill Trayvon Martin.	Kendrick Lamar Secretly Purchases, Destroys Zimmerman’s Gun Live on Stage
vclaim-sno-kennedy-center-donate-dnc	"The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts ""laundered"" coronavirus-relief money by donating to the Democratic National Committee even after cutting off musician pay."	Did the Kennedy Center Donate Stimulus Money to the DNC?
vclaim-sno-kennedy-nixon-virtual-debate-1960	U.S. presidential candidates John F. Kennedy and Richard Nixon participated in a virtual debate in 1960.	Did Kennedy, Nixon Have a Virtual Debate in 1960?
vclaim-sno-kennedy-suppose-god-is-black	John F. Kennedy posed a speculative question about what would happen if God were black.	Did John F. Kennedy Ask ‘Suppose God is Black?’
vclaim-sno-kennedy-trump-greatest-president	Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said that “Trump could be the greatest president in history.”	Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Said That “Trump Could Be the Greatest President in History”?
vclaim-sno-kennedy-undelivered-speech	"A passage from a speech JFK was supposed to deliver on the day he was assassinated stated that ""our duty as a party is not to our party alone, but to the Nation, and, indeed, to all mankind."""	Did an Undelivered Speech from JFK State That ‘Our Duty as a Party is Not to Our Party Alone’ But to ‘All of Mankind?’
vclaim-sno-kennesaw-gun-law	A mandatory gun ownership law in Kennesaw, Georgia, caused the town's crime rate to plummet.	Mandatory Gun Ownership in Kennesaw, Georgia
vclaim-sno-kenneth-chamberlain-shooting	Account describes the shooting of White Plains resident Kenneth Chamberlain.	Kenneth Chamberlain Shooting
vclaim-sno-kenny-rogers-donate-estate-trump	Musician Kenny Rogers donated half his estate to U.S. President Donald Trump's reelection campaign.	Did Kenny Rogers Donate Half His Estate to Help Trump’s Reelection?
vclaim-sno-kenosha-police-body-cams	"Before the police shooting of Jacob Blake in August 2020, city leaders in Kenosha, Wisconsin, passed a city law ""requiring"" all officers to wear body cameras but did not buy the devices."	Did Kenosha Leaders Require Police Body Cams, Then Fail To Buy Them?
vclaim-sno-kenosha-protests-doc	During protests following the police shooting of Jacob Blake in Kenosha, Wisconsin, a Kenosha facility run by the state Department of Corrections was set on fire and completely destroyed.	Was Kenosha Corrections Building Destroyed in Protests?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-banning-interracial-marriages	Kentucky has passed a bill banning interracial marriages.	Is Kentucky Banning Interracial Marriages?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-bill-wives-permission-viagra	A 2016 bill before the Kentucky legislature would have required men to get their wives' permission before obtaining a prescription for Viagra or other erectile dysfunction drug.	Did a Kentucky Lawmaker Introduce a Bill Requiring Men to Get Wives’ Permission to Take Viagra?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-fried-chicanery	A photograph shows a group of black brunch protesters at a KFC in	Black Brunch Protest in NYC Led to a Riot at KFC?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-fried-chronic	KFC has obtained a license to start selling marijuana in their Colorado restaurants.	KFC Gets Occupational Business License to Sell Marijuana in Colorado Restaurants
vclaim-sno-kentucky-house-arrest-covid	A Kentucky couple were placed under house arrest in July 2020 after a woman diagnosed with COVID-19 refused to agree to self-isolate because it would require her to get prior approval to go to the hospital.	Were Kentucky Couple Placed Under House Arrest for Refusing To Sign Quarantine Agreement?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-snap-recipient-is-abusing-the-system-with-high-balance	A Kentucky food stamp recipient has more than $5,000 in unused food stamp benefits and is thus abusing the system.	Kentucky SNAP Recipient Is Abusing the System With High Balance?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-snow-flamethrower	A Kentucky man dressed as Cousin Eddie from the holiday classic “National Lampoons Christmas Vacation” used a flamethrower to remove snow from his driveway.	Did a Kentucky Man Clear Driveway of Snow Using a Flamethrower?
vclaim-sno-kentucky-tornado	Photograph shows a tornado that hit Kentucky in March 2012.	Kentucky Tornado
vclaim-sno-kenyan-government-maasai-tribe	A video shows a member of the Maasai tribe whipping people in Kenya who refused to obey the government's self-quarantine orders during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did the Kenyan Government Have Maasai Tribe Whip People To Enforce Curfew?
vclaim-sno-kenyan-mistake	A Certified Registration of Birth issued in Kenya documents that Barack Obama was born in that country.	Is This Barack Obama’s Kenyan Certified Registration of Birth?
vclaim-sno-kermit-gosnell-as-surprise-dnc-speaker	Incarcerated former abortion provider Kermit Gosnell made a surprise appearance at the Democratic National Convention.	Kermit Gosnell as Surprise DNC Speaker
vclaim-sno-ketchup-trousers	Law firm secretary sends caustic reply to senior associate's e-mail request for a £4 cleaning bill reimbursement.	Ketchup Trousers
vclaim-sno-kettle-chits	Salvation Army bell-ringers keep a portion of the monies deposited into their kettles.	Do Salvation Army Bellringers Keep Money They Collect?
vclaim-sno-keurig-coffee-maker-warning	Keurig coffee maker users are at risk because the machines are prone to growth of mold, algae, and bacteria.	Keurig Coffee Maker Mold Warning
vclaim-sno-kevin-carter-photograph	A photograph shows a child in a famine-stricken country crawling on the ground while a vulture waits in the background.	Starving Child and Vulture
vclaim-sno-kevin-de-leon-family-deported	President Donald Trump has targeted the family of California Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León for deportation.	Did President Donald Trump Target a Democratic State Senator’s Family for Deportation?
vclaim-sno-kevin-hart-mugged-photo	Photograph shows Kevin Hart after he was mugged at a Miami nightclub.	Kevin Hart Beaten at Miami Club
vclaim-sno-kevin-hart-paralyzed-car-crash	Comedian Kevin Hart was paralyzed after a car crash in September 2019.	Was Comedian Kevin Hart Paralyzed After a Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-kevin-mitchell-cat	Former New York Mets outfielder Kevin Mitchell killed his girlfriend's cat by cutting off its head with a knife.	Did the Mets’ Kevin Mitchell Kill His Girlfriend’s Cat with a Knife?
vclaim-sno-kevin-seefried-democrat-biden	Kevin Seefried, who carried a Confederate flag into the U.S. Capitol during the attack on the building in January 2021, is registered as a Democrat in Delaware.	Is Alleged Capitol Rioter Kevin Seefried a ‘Registered Democrat and Biden Supporter’?
vclaim-sno-kevin-sorbo-hercules	"""Hercules"" actor Kevin Sorbo died in 2020."	No, ‘Hercules’ Actor Kevin Sorbo Did Not Die in 2020
vclaim-sno-kevin-spacey-justin-bieber	"A film producer claimed actor Kevin Spacey had ""drugged and raped"" Justin Bieber."	Did a Producer Claim Kevin Spacey ‘Drugged and Raped’ Justin Bieber?
vclaim-sno-key-crime	Criminals at gas stations are handing out key rings with transmitters that enable them to track potential burglary or carjacking victims.	Are Thieves Handing Out Key Rings at Gas Stations to Track Victims?
vclaim-sno-key-point	Too many keys hanging from your keychain can prematurely wear out your car’s ignition.	Too Many Keys Ruin Ignition
vclaim-sno-keyser-snowze	"An incoming ""record-breaking snowfall"" will blanket most of the U.S. this winter."	Meteorologists Predict Record-Shattering Snowfall Coming Soon
vclaim-sno-keystone-pipeline-biden	"U.S. President Joe Biden's Jan. 20, 2021, executive order to halt construction of the Keystone XL pipeline ""destroyed"" 11,000 jobs."	Did Biden’s Order To Halt Keystone XL Pipeline ‘Destroy’ 11,000 Jobs?
vclaim-sno-keystone-pipeline-leak	The Keystone Pipeline in North Dakota was shut down after it leaked oil.	Was the Keystone Pipeline Shut Down After Leaking Oil?
vclaim-sno-kfc-and-fried	"The restaurant chain formerly known as ""Kentucky Fried Chicken"" changed its name to KFC to eliminate the word ""fried"" from its title."	Why Did ‘Kentucky Fried Chicken’ Change Their Name to ‘KFC’?
vclaim-sno-kfc-black-history	KFC's main Twitter account honored Black History Month using an image of fried chicken casting a shadow in the shape of a Black power fist.	Did KFC Honor Black History Month With This Tweet?
vclaim-sno-kfc-colonel-sanders-movie	The Lifetime network is airing a romance-drama about Kentucky Fried Chicken's mascot, Colonel Sanders.	Is Lifetime Airing a Romance-Drama Starring KFC’s Colonel Sanders?
vclaim-sno-kfc-dearborn-shariah-law	KFC in Dearborn uses separate lines for men and women, a menu written in Arabic, and abides by Shariah Law.	Does a KFC in Dearborn, Michigan Abide by ‘Sharia Law’?
vclaim-sno-kfc-extra-crispy-sunscreen	A KFC promotion offered Extra Crispy Sunscreen to consumers.	KFC Extra Crispy Sunscreen
vclaim-sno-kfc-gaming-console	Fast food chain KFC developed a video game console that also keeps chicken warm.	Did KFC Make a Gaming Console That Includes a ‘Chicken Warmer’?
vclaim-sno-kfc-mutant-chickens	The government forced KFC to stop using the word 'chicken' in their name because they serve meat derived from mutant animals.	Does KFC Use Mutant Chickens?
vclaim-sno-kfc-really-create-chicken-scented-candle	Kentucky Fried Chicken created a candle that smells just like its signature dish.	Did KFC Create a Chicken-Scented Candle?
vclaim-sno-kgb-agent-sex-pistols	A KGB agent admitted that the Sex Pistols were financed by the USSR to destabilize Western democracy.	Did a KGB Agent Confirm That the Sex Pistols Were Backed by the USSR to Destabilize the West?
vclaim-sno-kgb-spy-russia	"A former spy for the Soviet Union's intelligence agency, the KGB, alleged the agency cultivated Donald Trump as an ""asset"" for 40 years."	Did Ex-KGB Spy Say Russia Cultivated Trump as an ‘Asset’ for 40 Years?
vclaim-sno-khizr-khan-375000-clinton-foundation	Khizr Kahn's law firm received a $375,000 wire transfer from the Clinton Foundation after he spoke at the Democratic National Convention.	Khizr Khan Received $375,000 from the Clinton Foundation
vclaim-sno-khizr-khan-is-a-muslim-brotherhood-agent	DNC speaker Khizr Khan, father of fallen Army Capt. Humayun Khan, is a Muslim Brotherhood operative.	Is Khizr Khan a Muslim Brotherhood Agent?
vclaim-sno-khrushchev-doses-of-socialism	"Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev said: ""We cannot expect the Americans to jump from capitalism to communism, but we can assist their elected leaders in giving Americans small doses of socialism, until they suddenly awake to find they have communism."""	Did Nikita Khrushchev Say ‘We’ll Keep Feeding You Small Doses of Socialism’?
vclaim-sno-kid-rock-death-hoax	Musician Kid Rock died in July 2017.	Kid Rock Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-kid-rock-dnc-clinton-trump	"Kid Rock interrupted a Hillary Clinton event at the Democratic National Convention by shouting ""Vote Donald Trump."""	Kid Rock Sneaks Into Hillary Clinton Event to Shout ‘Vote Donald Trump’ During Rally
vclaim-sno-kid-rock-dumbfckistan-t-shirt	"Kid Rock was photographed wearing a t-shirt featuring an electoral map in which blue states are labeled ""Dumbfuckistan."""	Kid Rock Wears ‘Dumbf*ckistan’ T-Shirt
vclaim-sno-kid-rock-ted-nugent-war-on-christmas	Entertainers Kid Rock and Ted Nugent have raised more than $10 million to fight the War on Christmas.	Did Kid Rock and Ted Nugent Raise More Than $10 Million to Fight the War on Christmas?
vclaim-sno-kidney-stones-energy-drinks	A photograph shows kidney stones that were caused by heavy consumption of soft drinks and energy drinks.	Does a Photograph of Kidney Stones Show the Effect of Sodas and Energy Drinks?
vclaim-sno-kidney-transplant-social-share	A girl in need of a kidney transplant receives a $1 donation for that purpose every time her photo is shared on Facebook.	Is $1 Donated for a Girl’s Kidney Transplant Every Time Her Photo Is Shared on Social Media?
vclaim-sno-kids-choice-awards	Photograph shows Michelle Obama at the Kids’ Choice Awards in expensive clothes paid for by taxpayers.	Michelle Obama at Kids’ Choice Awards
vclaim-sno-kids-covid-quarantine	"Under the ""COVID Act,"" school officials in the U.S. can quarantine children with COVID-19 symptoms outside their family home without their parents' or guardians' consent."	Could Kids with COVID-19 Symptoms Be Quarantined Without Parental Consent?
vclaim-sno-kids-using-burts-bees-eyelids-get-high	Kids are rubbing Burt's Bees lip balm on their eyelids to get high.	Kids Using Burt’s Bees on Eyelids to Get High?
vclaim-sno-kill-a-pit-bull-day	"This Halloween has been designated as ""National Kill a Pitbull Day."""	Is This Halloween ‘National Kill a Pit Bull’ Day?
vclaim-sno-kill-bill	"Video clip shows a U.S. Representative putting the ""Homeland Terrorism Preparedness Bill"" up for vote in Congress."	Is This a Video of the Vote for the Homeland Terrorism Preparedness Bill?
vclaim-sno-kill-hibernating-bear	A photograph shows a man posing with a bear that he killed while it was hibernating, an act made legal by the passage of a new law.	Did This Man Shoot and Kill a Hibernating Bear?
vclaim-sno-kill-praying-mantis-illegal	Killing praying mantises is illegal in (parts of) the USA.	Is Killing a Praying Mantis Illegal?
vclaim-sno-killer-clown-warning-note	"A ""killer clown"" left a note at an elementary school threatening that ""kids will die"" if Halloween is not cancelled."	Killer Clown Leaves Warning Note to Cancel Halloween or Kids Will Die
vclaim-sno-killer-deal	Giant retailer Walmart is selling caskets and urns on its website.	Is Walmart Selling Coffins?
vclaim-sno-killer-whale	A video captured an unwitting beachgoer being snatched by a killer whale.	Did a Killer Whale Snatch a Beachgoer?
vclaim-sno-kim-davis-gay-couples	"Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis was seated amongst several same-sex couples at 2016's ""State of the Union"" address."	Kim Davis Seated Next to Gay Couples at SOTU?
vclaim-sno-kim-jong-illin	Photograph shows the arrest of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.	Has Kim Jong-un Been Arrested?
vclaim-sno-kim-jong-shot-coronavirus-patient	North Korea leader Kim Jong Un ordered his country's first COVID-19 patient to be shot dead.	Did Kim Jong Un Order North Korea’s First Coronavirus Patient To Be Executed?
vclaim-sno-kim-jong-un-reading-fire-fury	A photograph shows North Korea leader Kim Jong-un laughing as he reads the book Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.	Is This Kim Jong-Un Reading ‘Fire and Fury’?
vclaim-sno-kim-jong-un-sarah-sanders	"Former U.S. White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said Donald Trump told her to take ""one for the team"" after North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, apparently winked at her."	Did Sarah Sanders Say Trump Told Her To Take ‘One For The Team’ After Kim Jong-Un Winked At Her?
vclaim-sno-kim-kardashian-dog-fur-coat	"Kim Kardashian wore a coat made from ""South Russian Ovcharka dogs"" to Kanye West's fashion show."	Kim Kardashian Didn’t Wear a Dog Fur Coat
vclaim-sno-kim-kardashian-poker-glasses	An image shows reality television star Kim Kardashian wearing mirrored sunglasses at a poker tournament.	Did Kim Kardashian Wear Mirrored Sunglasses at a Poker Tournament?
vclaim-sno-kim-kardashian-replace-cookie-empire	Kim Kardashian is replacing Tarji P. Henson in the role of Cookie on the television drama 'Empire.'	Kim Kardashian to Replace Cookie on ‘Empire’
vclaim-sno-kim-rhode-ignored	The media ignored Kim Rhode's bronze medal-winning performance in the 2016 Summer Olympics due to her stance on gun rights.	Media Ignore Kim Rhode’s Sixth Olympic Medal
vclaim-sno-kimberly-daniels-thank-god-slavery	"Democratic Florida State Representative Kimberly Daniels once said, ""I thank God for slavery."""	Did Florida State Rep. Kimberly Daniels Once Say, ‘I Thank God for Slavery’?
vclaim-sno-kindergarten-crock	Seventeen kindergarteners in Wortham, Texas, tested positive for Ebola after being exposed to a Liberian exchange student.	17 Texas Kindergarteners Contract Ebola After Exposure to Liberian Foreign Exchange Student
vclaim-sno-kinderleavin	A baby strapped in a car seat is left on the roof of a car.	Baby Left on Car Roof
vclaim-sno-kindersnatchen	Video shows an eagle attempting to snatch a child from a park.	Golden Eagle Snatches Kid
vclaim-sno-king-abdullah-ii-kills-queen-rania-in-rome	Jordan's King Abdullah II murdered his wife, Queen Rania.	King Abdullah II Kills Queen Rania in Rome
vclaim-sno-king-cobras-snack-containers	Venomous king cobra snakes were found stashed in snack food containers.	Were King Cobras Shipped to Los Angeles in Snack Containers?
vclaim-sno-king-louis-xiv-fetish-birth	King Louis XIV had a fetish for watching women give birth and required that they do so lying on their back so that he could have an unobstructed view.	Did Louis XIV’s Birth Fetish Change Modern Obstetrics?
vclaim-sno-king-of-the-rode	A motorcycle enthusiast buys an old machine, then discovers the bike once belonged to Elvis Presley and sells it for millions of dollars.	Elvis’ Motorcycle Sells for Millions
vclaim-sno-king-of-the-toad	Photograph shows a 57-pound, pet-eating Sonoran Desert Toad.	Giant Toad
vclaim-sno-kings-island-dangerous-rides	"Ohio amusement park Kings Island will close through 2020 because of ""dangerous rides."""	Kings Island Closing Down Due to Dangerous Rides
vclaim-sno-kinking-a-live-electrical-wire	Kinking an electrical wire stops electricity from flowing through it like kinking a garden hose stops water from flowing.	Does Kinking a Live Electrical Wire Stop Electricity and Make it Safe?
vclaim-sno-kirk-cameron-diagnosed-leprosy	Actor Kirk Cameron has contracted an extremely rare form of leprosy.	Was Kirk Cameron Diagnosed With a Rare Form of Leprosy?
vclaim-sno-kirk-douglas-death-hoax	Actor Kirk Douglas passed away four days before his 101st birthday in December 2017.	OUTDATED: Kirk Douglas Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-kiroli-park-warning	The FBI and DHS responded after Muslim men approached a mother at Kiroli Park in West Monroe, Louisiana, and offered to take her daughters to Yemen.	Kiroli Park Warning
vclaim-sno-kiss-no-makeup	A man sued his bride after seeing her without make-up for the first time.	Groom ‘Sues New Wife for Fraud’ After Seeing Her Without Make Up for First Time
vclaim-sno-kiss-scam	Video shows a woman at a baseball game dumping a drink over her boyfriend’s head because he declined to kiss her on camera.	Kiss Cam Breakup
vclaim-sno-kiss	The group KISS took their name from an acronym for ‘Knights in Satan’s Service.’	KISS: Does It Stand for ‘Knights in Satan’s Service’?
vclaim-sno-kissinger-forced-vaccinations	"Henry Kissinger spoke to a ""eugenics council"" on controlling populations through forcible vaccinations."	Did Henry Kissinger Advocate ‘Forcible Vaccinations’?
vclaim-sno-kissinger-take-on-trump	A Facebook post accurately reproduces Henry Kissinger's thoughts on Donald Trump's presidency.	Did Henry Kissinger Say These Things About Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-kitchen-rats	A Chinese restaurant in Atlanta was shut down after being caught accepting a shipment of rats, mice and other non-food animals.	Was a Chinese Restaurant in Atlanta Caught With Shipments of Rat Meat?
vclaim-sno-kitten-dies-due-home-depot-christmas-tree	A kitten died after ingesting a chemical sprayed on a Home Depot Christmas tree.	Kitten Dies Due to Home Depot Christmas Tree?
vclaim-sno-kitty-werthmann	Account by Kitty Werthmann describes the German takeover of Austria.	Kitty Werthmann
vclaim-sno-kiwi-eggs-size	A photograph shows a skeleton of a Kiwi bird and its unusually large egg.	Do Kiwi Birds Lay Ridiculously Large Eggs?
vclaim-sno-kiwi-fruit-warning	Kiwi fruit from China contains dangerous growth hormones.	Kiwi Fruit Growth Hormones
vclaim-sno-kkk-ad-front-page	The Westmoreland News ran a KKK ad on the front page of their newspaper in April 2018.	Did a Virginia Newspaper Run a KKK Ad on the Front Page?
vclaim-sno-kkk-endorses-hillary-clinton	The KKK officially switched their presidential endorsement from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton and donated $20,000 to the latter's campaign.	KKK Endorses Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-kkk-gathering-mississippi	A photograph shows a number of figures in white hoods ⁠— presumably belonging to the Ku Klux Klan, a white supremacy group ⁠— at a May 2020 gathering in Mississippi.	Is This a Photograph of a KKK Gathering in Mississippi?
vclaim-sno-kkk-highway-renamed-after-rosa-parks	"The state of Missouri named a stretch of highway adopted by the Ku Klux Klan the ""Rosa Parks Highway."""	Did Missouri Rename a Highway Adopted by the KKK After Rosa Parks?
vclaim-sno-kkk-march-trump-pence-sign	A photograph shows members of the KKK marching with a Trump-Pence presidential campaign sign.	Did the KKK March With a Trump-Pence Sign?
vclaim-sno-kkk-suicide-harriet-tubman	Sixty Klan members committed suicide after it was announced that Harriet Tubman's image would be placed on the $20 bill.	KKK Members Commit Mass Suicide Over New Currency
vclaim-sno-kkk-tax-exempt-religious-organization	The racist Ku Klux Klan is tax-exempt by the Internal Revenue Service as a religious organization.	Is the KKK Tax-Exempt as a Religious Organization?
vclaim-sno-klan-marches-celebrate-trump-victory	The KKK marched on a bridge in North Carolina to celebrate Donald Trump's presidential victory.	Klan Marches in North Carolina to Celebrate Trump Victory
vclaim-sno-klan-petition-purge	"The KKK started a petition to ""purge' black people in the United States."	Did the Ku Klux Klan Start a Petition to ‘Purge’ Black People in the United States?
vclaim-sno-klanbake-1924-democratic-convention	"The Ku Klux Klan held a march and rally at the 1924 Democratic National Convention, which was thereafter popularly known as the ""Klanbake."""	Did the Ku Klux Klan March at the 1924 Democratic National Convention?
vclaim-sno-klaus-eberwein	Former Haitian official Klaus Oberwein died in a suspicious suicide days before he was scheduled to testify against either Hillary Clinton or the Clinton Foundation.	Did a Former Haitian Official Commit Suicide Before Clinton Testimony?
vclaim-sno-klobuchar-mock-buttigieg	U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar liked a tweet mocking former South Bend (Indiana) Mayor Pete Buttigieg.	Did Sen. Klobuchar Like a Tweet Mocking Pete Buttigieg?
vclaim-sno-knife-to-a-gunfight	Bin Laden shooter Rob O’Neill was targeted in a home invasion gone awry.	Bin Laden Shooter Rob O’Neill Mistakenly Attacked by Street Thugs Seeking to Collect Debt from Neighbor
vclaim-sno-knights-templar-caves-shropshire	An individual stumbled upon a network of mysterious caves in Shropshire, once used by the Knights Templar for secretive rituals.	Were Mysterious Caves Used by the Knights Templar Recently Discovered in Shropshire?
vclaim-sno-knitting-penguin-sweaters	Australia’s oldest man knits tiny sweaters for injured penguins.	Does Australia’s Oldest Man Knit Sweaters for Injured Penguins?
vclaim-sno-knock-slash-car-warning	Drivers should be on the lookout for face-slashing car thieves posing as individuals seeking directions.	Knock and Slash Car Warning
vclaim-sno-knockout-game-turns-deadly	A 60-year-old woman shot and killed two teenagers who were attempting to make her a “knockout game” victim.	Knockout Game Turns Deadly
vclaim-sno-knotts-berry-farm-fleeing	Knott's Berry Farm announced in September 2020 that they were leaving California.	Is Knott’s Berry Farm Fleeing California?
vclaim-sno-know-where-man	The bill presented by a famed fix-it man detailed the difference between value of work done and value of the knowledge behind it.	The Handyman’s Invoice
vclaim-sno-koala-australian-bushfires	"Koalas are ""functionally extinct"" due to Australian bushfires."	Are Koalas ‘Functionally Extinct’ Due to Bushfires in Australia?
vclaim-sno-koala-rescued-from-aussie-fire	A photograph shows a koala being treated after it was rescued from a bushfire in Australia.	Was This Koala Rescued From a Bushfire in Australia?
vclaim-sno-kobe-bryant-crash-video	Viral video depicts the helicopter crash that killed NBA star Kobe Bryant.	No, This Isn’t Video of the Crash That Killed Kobe Bryant
vclaim-sno-kobe-bryant-moonlight-sonata	"A video shows Kobe Bryant playing Beethoven's ""Moonlight Sonata."""	Is This Kobe Bryant Playing ‘Moonlight Sonata’?
vclaim-sno-kobe-bryant-trump-quote	"Kobe Bryant once said a president ""Whose name alone creates division and anger. Whose words inspire dissension and hatred can't possibly 'Make America Great Again.'"""	Did Kobe Suggest Trump Is Too Divisive to ‘Make America Great Again’?
vclaim-sno-koch-brothers-officially-endorse-hillary-clinton	The Koch brothers have endorsed Hillary Clinton for President over any of her Republican rivals.	Koch Brothers Officially Endorse Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-koch-druthers	Congress has eliminated the child tax credit, the earned income tax credit (EITC), and mortgage deductions from the tax code under pressure from lobby groups and the Koch brothers.	Congress Eliminates Child Tax Credit, Mortgage Deduction and EITC from Tax Code
vclaim-sno-kochs-contributed-ryan-after-tax	Charles and Elizabeth Koch contributed nearly $500,000 to Paul Ryan’s fundraising committee after the GOP tax plan passed in the U.S. House of Representatives.	Did the Kochs Contribute $500,000 to Paul Ryan After the GOP Tax Plan Was Passed?
vclaim-sno-kohls-5000-giveaway-not-real	Kohl's offered Facebook users a chance to win thousands of dollars if they shared and commented on a post in June 2020.	No, This Kohl’s $5,000 Giveaway Is Not Real
vclaim-sno-kohls-bankrupt-closing-818-stores	Kohl's declared bankruptcy and is closing all its stores.	Kohl’s Bankrupt, Closing 818 Stores?
vclaim-sno-kohls-blm-black-lives-matter	In September 2020, Kohl's announced it would begin selling a line of Black Lives Matter merchandise.	Is Kohl’s Selling BLM Merchandise?
vclaim-sno-kohls-coupon-scam	"Kohl's department stores are distributing free $150 coupons online as part of a ""Black Friday"" promotion."	Kohl’s $150 ‘Black Friday’ Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-kohls-facebook-coupon-scam	Kohl's is offering free $250 coupons to social media users.	Is Kohl’s Offering $250 Coupons to Social Media Users?
vclaim-sno-kolfage-ration	Veteran Brian Kolfage experienced a reduction in his VA benefit after appearing on Mike Huckabee’s show and disparaging the government.	Brian Kolfage
vclaim-sno-komen-ceo-salary	The Susan G. Komen breast cancer organization gives only 20% of their donations to cancer research and pays their CEO $684,000 per year.	Komen Research and CEO Salary
vclaim-sno-komen-get-it	Cellular providers will donate $1 to Susan G.	Susan G. Komen Foundation Text Message Donations
vclaim-sno-koobface	"A trojan worm known as Koobface is ""spreading like wildfire"" via Facebook."	‘Koobface’ Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-korean-war-remains-news-coverage	The major television networks MSNBC, NBC, CNN, CBS, and ABC provided little or no coverage of the July 2018 repatriation of the remains of 55 U.S. soldiers killed in the Korean War.	Did Major News Networks Ignore a Story About Korean War Remains Returning to the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-kraken-google-earth-sail-rock	A sea monster of giant size was spotted near Antarctica.	Sea Monster Spotted Near Antarctica
vclaim-sno-kratom-banned-by-the-dea	The U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA)  has classified kratom as a Schedule I substance as of  30 September 2016.	Kratom Banned by the DEA?
vclaim-sno-krauthammer-clinton-foundation-laundering	"The Clinton Foundation is a tax-free ""international money laundering scheme."""	Clinton Foundation Money Laundering
vclaim-sno-krauthammer-interesting-take-trump	Charles Krathammer wrote an op-ed which argues that U.S. President Donald Trump is not a Republican or a Democrat, but a pragmatist.	Did Charles Krauthammer Write an ‘Interesting Take on Trump?’
vclaim-sno-kray-twins-use-elephant-rob-london-tram	"An image shows the Kray twins starting their organized crime ""reign of terror"" in London by robbing a tram with the help of an elephant."	Did the Kray Twins Use an Elephant to Rob a London Tram?
vclaim-sno-krispy-kreme-pirate-day	Krispy Kreme is giving free doughnuts to anyone who talks or dresses like a pirate on 19 September 2016.	Free Krispy Kreme Doughnuts for Pirates on September 19
vclaim-sno-kristian-saucier	Navy sailor Kristian Saucier was held to a different standard of prosecution for improper handling of classified information than Hillary Clinton.	Kristian Saucier vs. Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-kristyna-martelli	Instagram model Kristyna Martelli underwent 100 elective cosmetic medical procedures, and died during a surgery in April 2017.	Did Instagram Model Kristyna Martelli Die in Surgery?
vclaim-sno-kroger-anniversary-coupon	Kroger is offering a free $50 anniversary coupon to social media users who fill out an online survey.	No, Kroger Is Not Offering a Free $50 ‘Anniversary’ Coupon on Facebook
vclaim-sno-kroger-blm-charge-receipt	A Kroger receipt shows the grocery chain is adding a charge to customer transactions in order to raise funds for Black Lives Matter.	Did Kroger Receipt Include a Charge for Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-kroger-blm-masks-flag-masks	Kroger banned its employees from wearing American flag masks, but allowed them to wear BLM masks.	Did Kroger Tell Employees They Can Wear BLM Masks, But Not Flag Masks?
vclaim-sno-kroger-change-overcharge-coin	In the summer of 2020, Kroger supermarkets introduced a policy of refusing to give customers cash change, as shown in an incident in Bourbonnais, Illinois.	Did Kroger Supermarkets Overcharge Customers Due to a Coin Shortage?
vclaim-sno-kroger-giftcard-coupon-scam	Kroger is giving away free grocery coupons or gift cards to Facebook users who like and share a post.	Kroger Free Coupon/Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-kroger-hazard-pay-covid-19	Supermarket retailer Kroger sent letters to employees informing them they must repay overpaid emergency pay provided amid the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.	Is Kroger Requiring Employees to Repay Coronavirus Emergency Pay?
vclaim-sno-kroger-kids-free-fruit	Kroger's stores are offering free fruit to children accompanying their grocery-shopping parents.	Kroger Grocery Stores Offer Free Fruit to Kids?
vclaim-sno-kroger-unisex-bathroom-sign	A photograph depicts a sign on a unisex Kroger bathroom addressing recent controversies about gender and restroom use.	Kroger Unisex Bathroom Sign
vclaim-sno-krokodil	A drug concoction known as krokodil can rot the skin of users who inject it.	Krokodil
vclaim-sno-ku-klux-kruller	A British Krispy Kreme outlet created a “KKK Wednesday” promotion, for their “Krispy Kreme Klub”.	Krispy Kreme KKK Wednesday
vclaim-sno-kurds-and-prey	ISIS militants fed a captured man's remains to his distraught mother.	Did ISIS Trick a Mother Into Eating Her Son’s Remains?
vclaim-sno-kurt-cobain-predicted-donald-trump-presidency-in-1993	Kurt Cobain predicted or endorsed a Donald Trump presidency in 1993.	Did Kurt Cobain Predict a Donald Trump Presidency in 1993?
vclaim-sno-kurt-reply	Former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner married a woman who had two children, one a special needs child.	Kurt Warner
vclaim-sno-kurt-russell-democrats	"Kurt Russell once claimed Democrats had vowed to abolish several constitutional amendments and labelled them ""enemies of the state."""	Did Kurt Russell Say Democrats Should Be Declared ‘Enemies of the State’?
vclaim-sno-kurt-russell-poem-about-cops	Actor Kurt Russell made public statements opposing the defunding of police and was linked to a poem dedicated to the work of law enforcement.	Did Kurt Russell Share A Poem Opposing the Defunding of Police?
vclaim-sno-kurt-russell-trump-relentless	Actor Kurt Russell said that he has never seen a man as dedicated and determined as President Trump.	Did Kurt Russell Say President Trump Was ‘Relentless,’ ‘Dedicated’ and ‘Determined?’
vclaim-sno-kushland-signature	The Costco chain will soon be selling bulk marijuana in their Washington stores.	Costco to Offer Wholesale Marijuana by Summer
vclaim-sno-kushner-baltimore-rodents-rats	Properties owned by Jared Kushner in the Baltimore area have accrued multiple building code violations for rodent infestation.	Did Jared Kushner-Owned Properties in Baltimore Violate Building Code Rules on Rodent Infestation?
vclaim-sno-kushner-covid19-task-force	The COVID-19 pandemic response team organized by Jared Kushner scrapped a federal government-led national testing plan because the virus had hit Democratic states hardest, according to a member of the task force, and helping blue states would be a political disadvantage, according to a July 2020 report.	Did Jared Kushner’s Task Force Scrap Nationwide COVID-19 Testing Over Politics?
vclaim-sno-kushner-oscar-covid	Jared Kushner’s brother, Joshua Kushner, owns a company involved in COVID-19 testing.	Does Jared Kushner’s Brother Own a Company Involved in COVID-19 Testing?
vclaim-sno-kutcher-software-child-trafficking	Software developed by Ashton Kutcher's charity has helped rescue around 6,000 children from sex trafficking.	Did Ashton Kutcher’s Software Help Rescue 6,000 Children from Sex Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-kuwait-moves-event-four-seasons-trump-hotel	"Officials from Kuwait canceled a event planned for the Four Seasons in order to book it at a Trump property due to ""political pressure."""	Kuwait Moves Event from Four Seasons to Trump Hotel
vclaim-sno-kyle-carpenter	Photograph shows a U.S. Marine wounded in Afghanistan.	Kyle Carpenter Photograph
vclaim-sno-kyle-carpenters-medal-of-honor-rescinded	Medal of Honor recipient Kyle Carpenter was stripped of his award for failing to complete a minor driving course while on active duty.	Kyle Carpenter’s Medal of Honor Rescinded?
vclaim-sno-kyle-file	American Sniper subject Chris Kyle shot dozens of looters after Hurricane Katrina, killed two attempted carjackers, and punched Jesse Ventura in the face.	Chris Kyle and ‘American Sniper’
vclaim-sno-kyle-rittenhouse-parents	Photographs show the parents of Kyle Rittenhouse, the 17-year-old accused of killing two people and injuring a third at a protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin.	Are These the Parents of Kyle Rittenhouse?
vclaim-sno-kyle-rittenhouse-punch-woman-video	A video shows Kyle Rittenhouse, the 17-year-old accused of killing two people at a protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin, punching a woman.	Did Kyle Rittenhouse Punch a Woman in This Video?
vclaim-sno-kyle-rittenhouse-trump-rally	Kyle Rittenhouse, the 17-year-old accused of killing two people at a protest in Wisconsin, attended a rally for President Trump.	Did Kyle Rittenhouse Attend a Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-kyle-rittenhouse-water-police	"Police in Kenosha, Wisconsin, gave water to Kyle Rittenhouse, the teen later charged with killing two people and wounding a third during protests over the police shooting of Jacob Blake, and said they ""appreciated"" the counterprotesters."	Did Kenosha Police Give Water to Teen Later Charged With Double Homicide?
vclaim-sno-kyrsten-sinema-birth-abortion	"U.S. Representative Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona voted to ""allow abortions up to birth."""	Did Senate Candidate Kyrsten Sinema Vote to ‘Allow Abortions Up to Birth’?
vclaim-sno-label-fable	African consumers were horrified by an American baby food company's product packaging.	Did Baby Food Jars Horrify African Consumers?
vclaim-sno-label-libel	You can slip out of the IRS’ audit stream by not using the preprinted labels supplied with your income tax forms.	Tax Label Lore
vclaim-sno-label-unable	"AriZona changed its ""Southern Style Sweet Tea"" label after consumers complained that it depicted offensive images."	AriZona Sweet Tea Label
vclaim-sno-ladle-your-father-hears-about-this	The location of a missing gravy ladle proves hanky panky is going on.	Found Ladle
vclaim-sno-lady-esmereldas-crystal-ball	Amazing on-line psychic trick can read minds and identify which symbol a user selected from a list of many choices.	Lady Esmerelda’s Crystal Ball
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-dog-walker	Lady Gaga’s dog walker was shot by a male suspect who also stole her two French bulldogs in Los Angeles on Feb. 24, 2021.	Was Lady Gaga’s Dog Walker Shot and Her Dogs Stolen?
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-ex-boyfriend-quote	"Lady Gaga said ""I had a boyfriend who told me I'd never succeed .... I said to him someday you won't be able to order a cup of coffee without hearing about me."""	Did Lady Gaga Say She ‘Had a Boyfriend Who Told Me I’d Never Succeed?’
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-fox-coat	Photographs show a 7-month-old white fox that was skinned alive to make a fur coat for musician Lady Gaga.	Was This White Fox Skinned Alive for Lady Gaga’s Fur Coat?
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-oreo	Oreos have a new Lady Gaga-themed cookie.	Do Oreos Have Lady Gaga-Themed Cookies?
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-super-bowl-satanic-ritual	Lady Gaga's halftime performance at the 2017 Super Bowl took the form of a Satanic ritual.	Was Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl Halftime Show Satanic?
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga-superbowl-simpsons	The Simpsons correctly predicted various incidents that took place during Super Bowl LI.	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Lady Gaga at Super Bowl LI?
vclaim-sno-lady-gaga	Pop star Lady Gaga is a 'hermaphrodite.'	Is Lady Gaga a Hermaphrodite?
vclaim-sno-lady-gagas-arrested-for-twitter-attack-on-melania-trump	A photograph shows Lady Gaga being placed in a squad car after she tweeted a negative comment about Melania Trump.	Lady Gaga Arrested for Twitter Attack on Melania Trump
vclaim-sno-lady-golfers-robot-trainer	A photograph shows two women getting golf lessons from a robot golf instructor.	Are These Golfers Getting Lessons from a Robot Trainer?
vclaim-sno-ladybugs-beetles-dog-mouth	A photograph shows insects embedded in a dog's mouth.	Does This Photograph Show Beetles Embedded in a Dog’s Mouth?
vclaim-sno-laila-alawa-and-the-department-of-homeland-security	After the Orlando shooting, President Obama recruited Laila Alawa to serve on an anti-violent extremism Department of Homeland Security task force.	Laila Alawa and the Department of Homeland Security
vclaim-sno-lait-for-work	A woman just returned from maternity leave circulates a chiding memo after someone helps himself to the “special” milk she’s left in the office refrigerator.	Breast Milk Drank by Co-Worker
vclaim-sno-lake-jeery	Six college students were arrested after they released piranhas into the Great Lakes.	Pranksters Arrested After Introducing Piranhas to Great Lakes
vclaim-sno-lake-kawaguchi-photo	A photograph shows Lake Kawaguchi near Mount Fuji in Japan.	Is This Japan’s Lake Kawaguchi?
vclaim-sno-lake-michigan-dolphin-population	The population of dolphins is on the rise in Lake Michigan.	Is The Lake Michigan Dolphin Population On the Rise?
vclaim-sno-lake-michigan-whales	Scientists have discovered whales living in Lake Michigan.	Whale Trust
vclaim-sno-lamar-fudge-critiqued-whites-only	Lamar Fudge was a Black writer who traveled around the South post-segregation critiquing formerly whites-only eateries.	Was Lamar Fudge a Black Food Writer Who Critiqued Former Whites-Only Eateries?
vclaim-sno-lamb-of-award-joel-osteen	"The band Lamb of God was given an award for ""excellence in faith outreach"" by televangelist pastor Joel Osteen."	Lamb of God Accepts Award from Pastor Joel Osteen, Who Didn’t Know They’re Not a Christian Band
vclaim-sno-laminin-2	The cross-like shape of the laminin molecule is evidence of God's hand in the creation of the human form.	Laminin: Evidence of Divine Creation?
vclaim-sno-lancashire-muslim-prayer-room-riot	Four Muslim men prompted a riot by demanding that a small rural craft shop in England provide them with a prayer room.	Muslims Demand Prayer Room in Lancashire Craft Shop?
vclaim-sno-lancaster-high-school-beating	A football player at Lancaster High School severely beat a gay student but was not charged with a crime.	Lancaster High School Beating
vclaim-sno-lancasters-centerville-elementary-school-cancels-offensive-christmas-play	Centerville Elementary School in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, canceled a Christmas play because two parents complained about reference to God.	Did Lancaster’s Centerville Elementary School Cancel an ‘Offensive’ Christmas Play
vclaim-sno-land-grab-2	Lawyer provides a caustic response when asked to demonstrate that the title to a Louisiana property was held before 1803.	Louisiana Land Title Legend
vclaim-sno-land-grab	One party to a territorial dispute tricks the other into a damning admission.	Land Grab
vclaim-sno-landing-of-hope-and-glory	The American interstate highway system was designed to be used for emergency airstrips in case of war.	Interstate Highways as Airstrips
vclaim-sno-landlord-tenants-fed-shutdown	Arkansas landlord Annette Cowen informed tenants at her rental properties they could face eviction if they failed to pay rent as a result of lacking the income provided by government housing subsidy programs.	Did a Landlord Tell Tenants That the Government Shutdown Could Cause Them to Be Evicted?
vclaim-sno-landlords-of-misrule	The Clintons charged the Secret Service rent to house the security detail protecting their home in Chappaqua, New York.	Did the Clintons Charge Rent to the Secret Service?
vclaim-sno-landmark-travel-2	Map shows an optimal route for driving across the USA and hitting major landmarks in every state.	How to Drive Across the USA Hitting All the Major Landmarks
vclaim-sno-landmark-travel	Map shows how to “drive across the USA hitting all the major landmarks.”	How to Drive Across the USA Hitting All the Major Landmarks
vclaim-sno-landmarks-purple-prince-photos	Landmarks all over the world were bathed in purple light to honor Prince after his death in April 2016.	Landmarks Went Purple in Honor of Prince?
vclaim-sno-large-alligator-on-golf-course	Photographs show a giant alligator on a golf course in Florida in November 2020.	Was a Giant Alligator Spotted on a Florida Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-large-cat-lake-of-the-ozarks	A photograph shows a tiger that was spotted near the Lake of the Ozarks.	Was a ‘Large Cat’ Spotted at Lake of the Ozarks?
vclaim-sno-large-leatherback-turtle-video	A video shows an abnormally large leatherback turtle on a beach.	Does This Video Show an Abnormally Large Leatherback Turtle?
vclaim-sno-largest-flag-hoover-dam	A photograph shows the largest U.S. flag ever made, displayed in front of Hoover Dam.	Was the World’s Largest U.S. Flag Displayed at Hoover Dam?
vclaim-sno-largest-stock-drops-trump	The eight largest single-day drops in the Dow Jones Industrial Average have occurred under the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did the 8 Largest Single-Day Stock Drops Occur Under Trump?
vclaim-sno-lark-spurred	Under the LARK program, Gitmo detainees are being housed with liberals who disagree with the U.S. government's treatment of those prisoners.	Gitmo Detainees and the LARK Program
vclaim-sno-larry-bird-say-shut-up-play	Former NBA star said modern basketball players should stop protesting and just 'Shut up and play the damn game.'	Did Larry Bird Tell NBA Players ‘Shut Up and Play the Damn Game’?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-homeless-parking-lots	Photographs show a homeless shelter with painted social-distancing boxes in a Las Vegas parking lot.	Do Photos Show Las Vegas Homeless Sleeping in ‘Social Distanced’ Parking Lot?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-hotels-donate-rooms	All hotels in Las Vegas have made donations to help emergency personnel in the city except for one: Trump International Hotel.	Did All Vegas Hotels Except Trump’s Donate Rooms for COVID-19 First Responders?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-now-powered-entirely-renewable-energy	The city of Las Vegas is now powered completely by renewable energy.	Is Las Vegas Now Powered Entirely with Renewable Energy?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-police-officer-shot	During a demonstration against police brutality on June 1, 2020, a protester shot and wounded an officer with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.	Did a Protester Shoot a Las Vegas Cop During Civil Unrest in 2020?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-shooter-died-in-2013	Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock died in 2013.	Las Vegas Shooter Died in 2013?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-shooter-trump-protest	The man accused of opening fire on hundreds of people in a Las Vegas casino in October 2017 was spotted at an anti-Trump protest two months earlier.	Was Las Vegas Shooter Identified at an Anti-Trump Protest?
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-shooting-rumors-hoaxes-and-conspiracy-theories	We investigated a number of hoaxes, rumors, and conspiracy theories associated with a mass shooting on the Las Vegas strip on 1 October 2017.	Las Vegas Shooting Rumors, Hoaxes, and Conspiracy Theories
vclaim-sno-las-vegas-travel-facebook-vacation	Giveaways on the Las Vegas Travel and Las Vegas Vacations Facebook pages are legitimate.	Are the ‘Las Vegas Travel’ Facebook Vacation Giveaways Real?
vclaim-sno-lash-of-the-mohicans	Maybelline, the first commercial mascara, was named for a real person.	Maybelline Mascara Origin
vclaim-sno-lasik-at-home	A new product allows people to perform laser surgery on their own eyes at home.	LASIK at Home
vclaim-sno-last-call-2	Customer clears installment loan early by sending the last coupon in the payment book with his first payment.	Last Coupon
vclaim-sno-last-call	Cell phone calls from particular phone numbers can cause brain hemorrhage and death.	Can Cellular Calls Cause Brain Hemorrhages?
vclaim-sno-last-meal	A Texas death row inmate requested he be served a child as his last meal.	Cannibal Pedophile’s Last Meal
vclaim-sno-last-mosque-standing	Photograph shows a mosque in Japan which remained standing after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami.	Mosque Survives Japan Earthquake
vclaim-sno-last-surviving-wwii-veteran-marches-alone-in-memorial-day-parade	A photograph depicts last surviving veteran of a WWII battle group marching alone and crying in a Memorial Day parade.	Did the Last Surviving WWII Veteran March Alone in Memorial Day Parade?
vclaim-sno-last-voyage	Nancy Pelosi could not answer a query about which voyage around the world was Captain Cook’s last.	Nancy Pelosi Captain Cook Query
vclaim-sno-last-words	A photograph shows a girl killed in a drunk-driving accident, with accompanying text recording her last words.	Last Words: Teen Killed in Drunk Driving Accident
vclaim-sno-laura-bush-car-accident	A teenaged Laura Bush caused the death of a classmate in an automobile accident.	Laura Bush’s Fatal Accident
vclaim-sno-laura-ingraham-athletes-politics	A video shows two segments from Laura Ingraham's Fox News show in which she gives contrary opinions on athletes injecting themselves into matters of politics and race.	Did Laura Ingraham Say LeBron James Should ‘Shut Up’ and Drew Brees Can ‘Have His View’?
vclaim-sno-lauren-boebert-capitol-steps	A photograph shows U.S. Rep. Lauren Boebert with a group of insurrectionists on the steps of the U.S. Capitol the day before the Jan. 6 riot.	Does a Photo Show Rep. Boebert With Insurrectionists on US Capitol Steps?
vclaim-sno-lava-lamp-death	A man was killed by an exploding lava lamp.	Was a Man Killed by an Exploding Lava Lamp?
vclaim-sno-lava-moon-waterfall	A photograph shows a 'lava moon' melting into a waterfall.	Is This a ‘Lava Moon’ Melting Into a Waterfall?
vclaim-sno-lava-ocean-vortices	"A photograph shows lava pouring into an ocean and seven resulting vortices, or what some called ""tornadoes."""	Is This a Photo of ‘Tornadoes’ Forming as Lava Hits Water?
vclaim-sno-law-bans-antifa	"The ""Unmasking Antifa Act"" has made it illegal to join ""Antifa"" groups."	Did HR 6054 Make It Illegal to Join ‘Antifa’?
vclaim-sno-law-charges-protesters-with-terrorism	People protesting Donald Trump's presidency will be charged with terrorism under a new law.	Law Charges Protesters With Terrorism?
vclaim-sno-lawful-interception-recovery-fee	Image shows an AT&T telephone bill with a “Lawful Interception Recovery Fee” to cover government wiretaps.	Lawful Interception Recovery Fee
vclaim-sno-lawmaker-chocolate-syrup-bottle	A photograph shows Tennessee state Rep. Kent Calfee drinking from a chocolate syrup bottle.	Is This Lawmaker Drinking from a Chocolate Syrup Bottle?
vclaim-sno-lawmaker-report-student-cursing	Rep. Mark Amodei reported high-school student Noah Christiansen to his school for cursing during a phone call concerning gun safety legislation.	Did a GOP Lawmaker Report a High School Student for Cursing Over Gun Safety?
vclaim-sno-lawmakers-criminalize-peaceful-protest	Lawmakers are creating harsher criminal penalties for protesters	Lawmakers Criminalize Peaceful Protest?
vclaim-sno-lawmakers-drink-raw-milk-get-sick	After passing a bill to make consuming raw milk legal in the state, several members of the West Virginia legislature fell ill due to drinking raw milk to celebrate the bill becoming law.	Did Lawmakers Who Legalized Raw Milk Get Sick from Drinking Raw Milk to Celebrate?
vclaim-sno-lawmakers-thong-shows-during-swearing-in	An image shows a lawmaker's underwear as she leans over a desk.	Lawmaker’s Thong Showed During Swearing-In Ceremony?
vclaim-sno-lawn-darts-sales-ban	The U.S. government banned the sale of lawn darts in the aftermath of a child's death in 1987.	Did the U.S. Ban Lawn Dart Sales After One Child’s Death?
vclaim-sno-lawn-jockey-underground-railroad	Black lawn jockey figures were used to aid escaping slaves on the Underground Railroad.	Were Lawn Jockeys Used as Underground Railroad Symbols?
vclaim-sno-laxatives-college-food	College cafeteria food is laced with laxatives.	Are Laxatives Added to College Food?
vclaim-sno-lbj-convince-the-lowest-white-man	"President Lyndon B. Johnson once said, ""If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you."""	Did LBJ Advocate: ‘Convince the Lowest White Man He’s Better Than the Best Colored Man’?
vclaim-sno-lbj-smothers-brothers	President Lyndon B. Johnson sent a letter to the Smothers Brothers for making Americans laugh by mocking him on their show.	Did President Lyndon B. Johnson Applaud the Smothers Brothers for Mocking Him?
vclaim-sno-lbj-voting-democratic	"President B. Lyndon Johnson once said, ""I'll have those niggers voting Democratic for 200 years."""	Did LBJ Say ‘I’ll Have Those N*****s Voting Democratic for 200 Years’?
vclaim-sno-lds-sense	The Mormons own the Coca-Cola Company.	Mormon Ownership of Coca-Cola
vclaim-sno-le-a	"A mother named her child ""Le-a,"" which she insists be pronounced ""Ledasha."""	Is This Child’s Name for Real?
vclaim-sno-lead-in-flint-bottled-water	Videos of home testing of bottled water handed out in Flint demonstrate the existence of dangerous levels of lead.	Lead in Flint Bottled Water
vclaim-sno-league-of-german-girls-inspection-during-world-war-ii	A photograph taken during World War II shows members of the League of German Girls during a uniform inspection.	Is This a ‘League of German Girls Inspection’ During World War II?
vclaim-sno-league-of-nazi-socialist-women	A vintage photograph shows members of the Nazi League of Socialist Woman.	Does This Photo Show White-Clad Members of the League of Nazi Socialist Women?
vclaim-sno-leaked-e-mail-clinton-foundation-john-oliver	A leaked Clinton Foundation e-mail demonstrates collusion between the organization and media personality John Oliver.	Leaked E-mail Shows Clinton Foundation ‘Collusion’ with TV Host John Oliver
vclaim-sno-leaked-videos-clinton-voter-fraud	Surveillance video captured widespread voter fraud carried out by Hillary Clinton supporters during primary elections.	No, Leaked Videos Do Not Show Widespread Voter Fraud, ‘Ballot Stuffing’ in ’16 Democratic Primary
vclaim-sno-leap-of-faith-2	Images show a photographer making a dangerous leap from rock to rock in the Grand Canyon.	Grand Canyon Leap of Faith
vclaim-sno-leap-of-faith	A woman dies leaping through her car’s sunroof when events convince her that Jesus has returned.	Did a Woman Die Mistaking an Odd Roadside Scene for the Rapture?
vclaim-sno-leather-retort	Three animal rights activists went missing after protesting the use of leather at a motorcycle gang rally.	Did Activists Go Missing After Declaring ‘War on Leather’ at a Motorcycle Rally?
vclaim-sno-leatherback-sea-turtle-mouth	An image shows the inside of a leatherback turtle's mouth.	Is This a Picture of a Leatherback Turtle’s Mouth?
vclaim-sno-leaves-of-grass	Jilted woman spreads grass seed in her former boyfriend's apartment.	Did a Pilot’s Ex-Girlfriend Vengefully Cover His Apartment in Grass Seed?
vclaim-sno-leaving-minnesota	Congresswoman Michele Bachmann announced she would leave Minnesota	Bachmann Threatens to Leave Minnesota Over Marriage Equality
vclaim-sno-lebanon-mo-walmart-cell-phone-rumor	Middle Eastern men purchased dozens of burner cell phones at Walmarts in and around Lebanon, Missouri (ostensibly to carry out terror attacks); at the same time, multiple stores reported propane tank thefts.	Large Cell Phone Purchase Rumor
vclaim-sno-lebleu-family-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for the LeBleu family, who lost four daughters in a house fire.	Is This Story About the LeBleu Family Losing 4 Children in a Fire True?
vclaim-sno-lebron-james-dump-anthem	Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James told the NBA to dump the national anthem or he would quit.	Did LeBron James Tell NBA ‘Dump the Anthem or I’ll Quit’?
vclaim-sno-lebron-james-serena-williams-billionaire-offer	"A billionaire has offered $1 billion to ""breed"" Lebron James and Serena Williams."	White Billionaire Offers $1 Billion to ‘Breed’ Lebron and Serena?
vclaim-sno-lebron-james-wore-protest-shirt	"An image shows Lebron James wearing a ""we march, y'all mad"" shirt."	Lebron James Wore a ‘We March, Y’all Mad’ Protest Shirt?
vclaim-sno-lee-majors-death-hoax	Actor Lee Majors died and left $6 million to U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 reelection campaign.	Did ‘Bionic Man’ Lee Majors Die, Leave $6 Million to Trump’s Reelection Campaign?
vclaim-sno-leeds-hospital-floor-photo	A photograph published in December 2019 showed a boy forced to sleep on a hospital floor in Leeds, England, due to overcrowding.	Does This Photo Show a Boy Forced to Sleep on the Floor of an English Hospital?
vclaim-sno-left-hand-right-hand-death	Left-handed people, on average, die younger than right-handed people.	Do Left-Handed People Die Younger Than Right-Handed People?
vclaim-sno-left-handed-disability-act	"Left-handed people are now eligible for disability benefits under the ""Justice for Dexterously Challenged Act."""	Are Left-Handed People Now Eligible for Disability?
vclaim-sno-left-handed-salute	A photograph showing Barack and Michelle Obama saluting the U.S. flag with their left hands.	Obama Left-Handed Salute?
vclaim-sno-left-wing-mob-violence	"A video shows Democrats, referred to as an ""angry left-wing mob"" by President Trump, committing various acts of violence."	Does This Video Show the ‘Left-Wing Mob’ Committing Acts of Violence?
vclaim-sno-leftist-activists-statue-theodore-roosevelt	"After ""demanding that southern states take down statues of Confederate figures, the activist Left is now targeting"" a New York City statue of President Teddy Roosevelt."	Leftist Activists Demand New York Museum Take Down Statue of ‘Racist’ Theodore Roosevelt?
vclaim-sno-legal-aid	Law students failed their California bar exams because they stopped to assist a stricken classmate.	Legal Aid
vclaim-sno-legal-cannabis-colorado	We fact-check a series of claims about the damage caused by Colorado's legalization of recreational cannabis.	What Were the Consequences of Legalizing Weed in Colorado?
vclaim-sno-legal-drinking-age-raised	The legal drinking age has been raised to 23.	Has the Legal Drinking Age Been Raised to 23?
vclaim-sno-legal-motion	Obama administration representatives meeting with the auto industry advocated legislatively changing the laws of physics.	Repealing the Laws of Physics
vclaim-sno-legal-separation	Text describes the process of producing mechanically separated chicken.	Pink Slime and Mechanically Separated Chicken
vclaim-sno-legal-tender-payment	All businesses in the U.S. are required to accept coins and/or currency as payment.	Must All U.S. Businesses Accept Legal Tender as Payment?
vclaim-sno-legalizing-marijuana-exacerbate-opioid-epidemic	Policies that legalize recreational marijuana exacerbate America’s opioid addiction epidemic.	Will Legalizing Marijuana Exacerbate the United States’ Opioid Epidemic?
vclaim-sno-legalizing-marijuana-necessitate-euthanizing-pot-sniffing-dogs	The legalization of marijuana will force police departments to euthanize their drug sniffing dogs.	Does Legalizing Marijuana Necessitate Euthanizing Pot-Sniffing Dogs?
vclaim-sno-legend-in-his-own-mind	A prisoner of war who played an imaginary round of golf in his mind each day of his captivity found upon his release that he’d markedly improved his game.	Inner Golf
vclaim-sno-legend-of-klee-tv	A broadcast by Houston's KLEE-TV was picked up in England three years after the station had gone off the air.	The Mysterious Legend of KLEE-TV
vclaim-sno-legend-super-bowl-prediction	The 2007 film I Am Legend accurately predicted the results of the 2008 Super Bowl.	Did ‘I Am Legend’ Predict the Results of the 2008 Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-legislature-solitaire	Photograph shows representatives playing solitaire on their laptop computers during a legislative session.	Does This Photograph Show Legislators Playing Solitaire?
vclaim-sno-legislatures-override-electors	State legislatures can override the results of elections and designate whichever presidential electors they choose.	Can State Legislatures Override the Choice of Presidential Electors?
vclaim-sno-legleitner-lloyd-florida-race-sentence	"Florida 19th Judicial Circuit judge Sherwood ""Chip"" Bauer gave a black man 26 years in prison and a white man two years' time served, for the same crime, in the same circumstances."	Did a Florida Judge Give Vastly Different Sentences to Two Men, Whose Only Difference Was Their Race?
vclaim-sno-lego-police-toys	LEGO pulled police- and White House-themed toys in response to nationwide protests following the death of George Floyd.	Did LEGO Pull Police Playsets from Stores?
vclaim-sno-legs-open-refugees-sign	A photograph shows a woman wearing a sign reading 'My Legs Are Open for Refugees.'	Did a Canadian Woman Wear a ‘My Legs Are Open for Refugees’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-leicester-lamster	An immigrant who tested positive for Ebola escaped custody in Leicester.	Man with Ebola Missing in Leicester?
vclaim-sno-leland-melvin-pen-open-letter-donald-trump	"Astronaut and former NFL player Leland Melvin wrote an open letter to Donald Trump concerning the President's comments about the ""Take a Knee"" protest."	Did Leland Melvin Pen an Open Letter to Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-lemon-aid	A study found dangerous microbial growth on 70% of lemon slices served with beverages in restaurants.	Bacteria on Lemon Wedges
vclaim-sno-lemon-cancer-cure	"Lemons have been proved to ""kill cancer cells"" and are ""10,000 times stronger than chemotherapy."""	Do Lemons Cure Cancer?
vclaim-sno-lemon-cnn-flag-burning-video	"Don Lemon of CNN laughed in celebration as Democrats burned American flags in support of a ""blue wave."""	Did CNN’s Don Lemon Celebrate ‘Blue Wave’ Flag Burners?
vclaim-sno-lemon-pledge	The Obama administration is planning to have military members pledge a loyalty oath directly to the President rather than to the Constitution.	Military to Pledge Oath to Obama, Not Constitution
vclaim-sno-lemon-pomegranate-hybrid	A videos shows the step-by-step process of making a lemon-pomegranate hybrid fruit.	Does This Video Show a Lemon-Pomegranate Hybrid Plant?
vclaim-sno-lemons-coronavirus	Drinking hot water with lemons will cure or prevent COVID-19; drinking hot water with lemons and sodium bicarbonate will “alkalize the immune system” and cure or prevent COVID-19.	Will Lemons and Hot Water Cure or Prevent COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-leni-robredo-banned-us	The State Department has imposed sanctions against Phillippines Vice President Leni Robredo, banning her from the U.S.	Did the State Department Ban the Vice President of the Philippines from the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-lennon-che-guitar	A photograph shows John Lennon and Che Guevara playing guitar together.	John Lennon Played Guitar with Che Guevara?
vclaim-sno-lennon-guitar-spock-elvis	"A photograph shows John Lennon playing the guitar on the hood of a truck with ""Star Trek"" actor Leonard Nimoy."	John Lennon Plays Guitar for Spock?
vclaim-sno-lenticular-cloud-over-pyramids	A photograph shows a large lenticular cloud over the pyramids in Giza, Egypt.	Is This Image of a Lenticular Cloud Over the Giza Pyramids Real?
vclaim-sno-leonardo-dicaprio-cast-mlk-new-film-will-wear-blackface	Actor Leonardo DiCaprio will be portraying Martin Luther King in an upcoming film.	Leonardo DiCaprio Cast as MLK in New Film, Will Wear Blackface?
vclaim-sno-leonardo-dicaprio-disney-channel	Actor Leonardo DiCaprio appeared on a Disney Channel game show.	Did Leonardo DiCaprio Appear on a Disney Channel Game Show?
vclaim-sno-leonardo-dicaprio-trump	Leonardo DiCaprio endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Twitter.	Leonardo DiCaprio Endorses Trump?
vclaim-sno-leonardo-dicaprio-woodstock-illinois	Leonardo DiCaprio is moving to Woodstock, Illinois.	No, Leonardo DiCaprio Isn’t Moving to Woodstock, Illinois
vclaim-sno-leprechaun-pot-gold-sex-scheme	"An ""Irish midget"" posed as a Leprechaun to extort sex from women in exchange for a pot of gold."	Did ‘Irish Midget’ Pose as Leprechaun in Pot of Gold for Sex Scheme?
vclaim-sno-leprosy	A leprosy outbreak was looming in Los Angeles in September 2019 due to rising homelessness.	Is a Leprosy Outbreak Looming in Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-lesbian-ejected-nc-bathroom	A lesbian was removed from a women's bathroom by police in North Carolina because she wasn't feminine enough.	Lesbian Kicked out of North Carolina Bathroom?
vclaim-sno-leslie-gibson-emma-gonzalez	Maine legislature candidate Leslie Gibson insulted Parkland shooting survivor and activist Emma Gonzalez via Twitter.	Did a GOP Candidate Insult a Parkland Shooting Survivor on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-leslie-jones-kate-mckinnon-married	Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon got married.	Are Comedians Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon Married?
vclaim-sno-lessons-life-taught-me	Text reproduces newspaper columnist’s list of “45 lessons life taught me.”	Regina Brett – 45 Lessons Life Taught Me
vclaim-sno-lester-holt-wore-earpiece	Lester Holt broke the rules during the first presidential debate of 2016 by wearing an earpiece.	Lester Holt Wore an Earpiece During the Debate.  So What?
vclaim-sno-let-er-rip	Photograph shows the gravestone of actor Leslie Nielsen.	Leslie Nielsen’s Gravestone
vclaim-sno-let-me-call-you-sweetheart	90% of people in the U.S. marry their high school sweethearts.	Marrying Your High School Sweetheart
vclaim-sno-let-the-cat-out-of-the-bag	To “let the cat out of the bag” comes from cats being sold as pigs or sailors being whipped for transgressions.	What’s the Origin of ‘Letting the Cat Out of the Bag’?
vclaim-sno-let-the-unemployed-fight	Mitt Romney’s son Alexander said that “We serve our country by making money, to tell you the truth. Let the unemployed fight.”	Alexander Romney: Let the Unemployed Fight
vclaim-sno-let-them-treat-skin	Thailand donated 50,000 bottles of whitening skin cream to Haitian earthquake victims.	Skin Cream for Haiti
vclaim-sno-lethal-indirection	Man fooled into thinking he has been executed dies of a heart attack.	Fake Execution Heart Attack Death
vclaim-sno-lets-say-thanks	The web site LetsSayThanks.com allows the public to send free personalized postcards to	Let’s Say Thanks
vclaim-sno-letter-death-row-inmate	A letter written by a death row inmate blamed his mother and her poor parenting for his plight.	Letter from a Death Row Inmate
vclaim-sno-letter-from-an-airline-pilot	Letter from airline pilot describes a flight on which the remains of a fallen U.S. soldier were carried.	Letter from an Airline Pilot
vclaim-sno-letter-from-bill-schoonover	Text reproduces letter from Bill Schoonover to members of Congress.	Letter from Bill Schoonover
vclaim-sno-letter-from-the-boss	An employer issued a missive to his employees that any further taxes on his business would result in his shutting it down.	Letter from the Boss
vclaim-sno-letter-from-vladimir-putin	Text reproduces an open letter to Americans from Russian president Vladimir Putin.	Letter from Vladimir Putin
vclaim-sno-letter-g-cant-recognize	"A study conducted by Johns Hopkins University researchers in 2018 found that just over one-quarter of people are able to properly recognize the most commonly used English version of the lowercase print ""G."""	Do Most People Struggle To Recognize the Lowercase Letter ‘G’?
vclaim-sno-letter-go-2	A college student sends her parents a letter recounting a series of disasters that have recently befallen her and other shocking news.	Daughter’s Letter Home
vclaim-sno-letter-go	A teacher's letter home upbraids student for correcting him in class.	Adam Hilliker Detention Letter
vclaim-sno-letter-of-intent-3	Letter from a putative victim apologizes to a mugger for foiling his robbery attempt.	Letter to Mugger
vclaim-sno-letter-of-intent-4	Letter from high school offers to allow students to make monetary donations to offset inatttendance and poor grades.	Adlai E. Stevenson High School ‘Donations’ Letter
vclaim-sno-letter-of-intent	A woman becomes suspicious of the contents of a letter a blind man asks her to deliver when she sees him scurry away without the aid of his cane.	Letter of Intent
vclaim-sno-letter-of-the-law	Mitt Romney is facing federal ethics charges.	Mitt Romney Charged with Violating Federal ethics Law
vclaim-sno-letter-to-aarp	Letter to AARP from owners of Miller Farms Equine Transport explains their reasons for not renewing their memberships.	Letter to AARP
vclaim-sno-letter-to-dr-laura	A letter highlighting fallacies in Biblical anti-homosexuality arguments was sent to radio personality Dr. Laura Schlessinger.	Letter to Dr. Laura
vclaim-sno-letter-to-free-wives	An airline promotion allows husbands to take their wives along on business trips for free, but a survey later conducted by the airline finds that 95% of the wives were unaware of the promotion.	Wives Fly Free
vclaim-sno-letter-to-general-motors	The president of Knox Machinery wrote a letter to the president of General Motors, criticizing the latter for seeking a government bailout.	Letter to General Motors
vclaim-sno-lettermandate	Late-night TV host David Letterman delivered a “Top Ten Reasons to Vote Democrat” segment.	David Letterman's 'Top 10 Reasons to Vote Democrat '
vclaim-sno-lettuce-deaths-illegal-immigrants	Consuming tainted lettuce caused more deaths in 2018 than homicides perpetrated by undocumented immigrants.	Did Lettuce Kill More People in the U.S. in 2018 Than Undocumented Immigrants Did?
vclaim-sno-lev-parnas-eric-trump-birthday	A photograph shows Lev Parnas at a family birthday party with Donald Trump in 1990.	Is This Lev Parnas at a Family Birthday Party with Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-levi-strauss-banned-guns-from-stores	Levi Strauss clothing stores have banned all guns.	Levi Strauss Banned Guns From Stores?
vclaim-sno-levis-gun-control	In September 2018, Levi Strauss announced they would be partnering with businessman Michael Bloomberg to advocate for gun control policies.	Did Levi Strauss Announce a Partnership with Michael Bloomberg to Advocate for Gun Control?
vclaim-sno-levis-logo	"Levi's jeans' famous ""two horse"" logo represents a slave's being killed."	Is the Levi’s Logo Racist?
vclaim-sno-levitating-car	A video shows a levitating car developed by Volkswagen in China.	Volkswagen’s Levitating Car
vclaim-sno-lewis-carroll-magical-solution	"Author Lewis Carroll wrote that ""Everyone wants a magical solution for their problem, and everyone refuses to believe in magic."""	Did Lewis Carroll Say ‘Everyone Wants a Magical Solution for Their Problem’?
vclaim-sno-lewis-old-devils-letter-young	A passage about souls being led to Hell by their fear of disease was taken from a work by C.S. Lewis.	Did C.S. Lewis Write This ′Old Devil’s Letter to the Young’?
vclaim-sno-lewis-skip-inauguration	President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration will be the first presidential inauguration that Rep. John Lewis has skipped.	Did Rep. John Lewis Skip Any Previous Inaugurations?
vclaim-sno-lewiston-middle-finger	A photograph shows newly elected Lewiston (Maine) City Councilwoman Safiyah Khalid giving the middle finger.	Does Photo Show Newly Elected Safiyah Khalid Giving the Middle Finger?
vclaim-sno-lgbtp-adding-letter	"The group LGBT is adding a ""P"" to their name in order to represent pedosexuals."	Is ‘LGBT’ Adding a ‘P’ for Pedosexuals?
vclaim-sno-lggbdtttiqqaapp-lgbt-inclusiveness-training-flyer	A photograph shows a flyer from the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario for a 'LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP' inclusiveness training session.	Is This ‘LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP’ Inclusiveness Training Session Flyer Real?
vclaim-sno-li-ching-yuen	A Chinese man named Li Ching-Yuen lived to be 256 years old.	Li Ching-Yuen: 256-Year-Old Man?
vclaim-sno-li-meng-yan-covid-19-lab	In September 2020, Dr. Li-Meng Yan, a former post-doctoral student at Hong Kong University, appeared In multiple televised interviews claiming that she had proof SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, was manufactured by the Chinese Communist Party in a Wuhan Lab.	Did Chinese Virologist Dr. Li-Meng Yan Say COVID-19 Was Made in a Wuhan Lab?
vclaim-sno-liar-chief-time-magazine-cover-real	"An image shows a real Time Magazine cover featuring a picture of President Trump and the words ""Liar in Chief."""	Is the ‘Liar in Chief’ Time Magazine Cover Real?
vclaim-sno-liar-in-hillary-clintons-name	"Hillary Clinton's first name was spelled ""Hilliary"" on election ballots printed for use in Lonoke County, Arkansas."	Arkansas Ballot Typo Puts ‘Liar’ in Hillary Clinton’s Name
vclaim-sno-liberal-celebrities-assassination-plot	Miley Cyrus, James Franco, and Seth Rogan were arrested for conspiring to assassinate President Trump.	Were Three Liberal Celebrities Arrested for a Conspiracy to Assassinate President Trump?
vclaim-sno-liberal-college-millennials-less-biologically-fit	The characteristics of stereotypical millennial liberals make them less competitive, because they are in discord with the natural world.	Liberal College Millennials Are Less Biologically Fit Than ‘Real Americans’?
vclaim-sno-liberalism-summed-up-in-10-seconds	A video showing an inconsolable protester wailing because a policeman popped her balloon.	Liberalism Summed Up in 10 Seconds
vclaim-sno-liberals-arrested-oscar-drug-raid	"Seth Rogen, Bette Midler, and other Hollywood ""liberal heroes"" were arrested during an Oscar party drug raid."	Were Seven Hollywood ‘Liberal Heroes’ Arrested During an Oscar Party Drug Raid?
vclaim-sno-liberals-demand-offensive-wwi-memorial-torn	Liberals were offended by a World War I memorial and demanded it be torn down.	Did Liberals Demand an ‘Offensive’ WWI Memorial Be Torn Down?
vclaim-sno-liberals-hunt-conservatives-film	"""The Hunt,"" originally set for release in September 2019, will feature liberal or left-wing characters hunting supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump for sport."	Does an Upcoming Movie Depict ‘Liberals’ Hunting Trump Supporters?
vclaim-sno-liberals-protesting-trump-photo	An image shows a group of liberals in the U.S. protesting Donald Trump.	Is This a Photograph of ‘Liberals’ Protesting Against Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-libya-slavery	A November 2017 Facebook post includes photographs that show the slave trade in Libya in 2017.	Do These Photographs Depict the Libyan Slave Trade?
vclaim-sno-license-to-squeal	You can look up anyone's driver's license for free through the 'National Motor Vehicle Licence Organization' web site.	Online Driver’s License Look-Up
vclaim-sno-licensed-to-thrill	Photograph shows a Florida license plate that accidentally spells out a risqué phrase.	Licensed to Thrill
vclaim-sno-life-expectancy-in-the-united-states-declining-thanks-to-obamacare	Life expectancy in the United States is now lower because of Obamacare.	Life Expectancy in the United States Declining, Thanks to Obamacare
vclaim-sno-life-images-kissing-guide-real	"A set of photographs was originally published in Life magazine's ""Guide to Kissing"" in 1942."	Are These Photos from Life Magazine’s ‘Guide to Kissing’?
vclaim-sno-life-in-the-1500s	"The numerous current sayings listed in a ""Life in the 1500s"" article sprang from ordinary living conditions in that era."	Life in the 1500s
vclaim-sno-life-savers	Life Savers candy was so named because its inventor’s daughter died from choking on a non-holed mint.	Life Savers
vclaim-sno-life-sentence-stealing-159-jacket	In 1996, Timothy Jackson received a life sentence for stealing a $159 jacket in Louisiana.	Did a Man Receive a Life Sentence for Stealing a $159 Jacket?
vclaim-sno-life-sentence	Huntingdon Life Sciences is offering to pay cash for cats and dogs rescued from New Orleans.	Huntingdon Buys Rescued Pets
vclaim-sno-life-with-fodder	In one of his films, actor Tony Curtis delivered the line, “Yondah lies da castle of my foddah.”	Yonder Lies the Castle of My Father
vclaim-sno-life-without-black-people	E-mail lists valuable technological innovations  brought about by African-American inventors.	Life Without Black People
vclaim-sno-lifeisasoph-jacob-blake-ex	The person behind the Twitter account @lifeisasoph was the aunt of Jacob Blake's ex-girlfriend.	Did Jacob Blake’s Ex-Girlfriend’s Aunt Denounce Him on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-lifetime-passes-kfc-mcdonalds	KFC and McDonald's are giving away free lifetime passes to Facebook users who like and share a post.	FALSE: Lifetime Passes for Free Fast Food
vclaim-sno-light-fingered	Energy-saving light bulbs (CFLs) release dangerous amounts of mercury when broken.	Dangers of CFL Mercury Light Bulbs
vclaim-sno-light-touch	Christmas lights have been banned in Cardwell, Australia, due to complaints from Muslim residents.	Christmas Lights Banned in Australia?
vclaim-sno-lightest-darkest-skin-colors	A photograph shows two people with the darkest and lightest skin colors in the world.	Does This Photo Show the ‘Lightest and Darkest Skin Colors’?
vclaim-sno-lightning-bolt-circle-game	"A photograph shows a lightning bolt resembling the ""circle game"" hand gesture."	Is This a Lightning Bolt Resembling the ‘Circle Game’ Gesture?
vclaim-sno-lightning-smite	A getaway car was struck by lightning after its occupants robbed a church.	Lightning Strikes Getaway Car in Church Robbery
vclaim-sno-lightning-striking-a-river	A video shows a bolt of lightning striking a river, sparking a large explosion.	Does This Video Show Lightning Striking a River and Sparking an Explosion?
vclaim-sno-lights-out	Prospective new gang members are being initiated by killing the drivers of cars who flash their headlights at them.	Flashing Headlights Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-like-it-or-leave-it	Former Australian prime minister Julia Gillard made a speech encouraging Muslims to leave Australia.	‘Immigrants, Not Americans, Must Adapt’
vclaim-sno-lil-wayne-death-hoax	Lil Wayne has died after a seizure.	Lil Wayne Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-lil-wayne-one-month	Lil' Wayne announced that he was diagnosed with skin cancer and has one month to live.	Does Lil’ Wayne Have One Month to Live?
vclaim-sno-limbaugh-obama-sending-lesbian-farmers	"Rush Limbaugh accused President Obama and the Democrats of recruiting lesbian farmers to ""attack"" conservative rural areas of the U.S."	Rush Limbaugh: Obama Sending Lesbian Farmers to Invade Red States
vclaim-sno-limbaugh-thank-trump-letter	"Radio host Rush Limbaugh penned an open letter thanking U.S. President Donald Trump that began: ""My days on earth are numbered."""	Did Limbaugh Thank Trump ‘For the Last 4 Years’ in an Open Letter?
vclaim-sno-lime-aid	Bartender’s wager led to the custom of adding a lime wedge to Corona beer.	Corona Lime Wedge
vclaim-sno-limpopo-brothers-crocodile-assault	Brothers in Limpopo, South Africa, were arrested for raping a crocodile.	Were Several Men Arrested for Sexually Assaulting a Crocodile?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-1864-supreme-court	"Abraham Lincoln declined to make a Supreme Court nomination just before the 1864 election because he felt the ""American people deserve to make the decision."""	Did Lincoln Refuse to Fill a Supreme Court Vacancy Before an Election?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-and-lees-views-on-slavery	A meme accurately reflects Abraham Lincoln's and Robert E. Lee's views on slavery.	Lincoln and Lee’s Views on Slavery
vclaim-sno-lincoln-bust-vandalized-confederate	A bust of Abraham Lincoln was vandalized in Chicago in protest of confederate statues.	Was a Bust of Abraham Lincoln Vandalized in Chicago in Protest of Confederate Statues?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-character-power	"U.S. President Abraham Lincoln once said, ""If you want to test a man's character, give him power,"" or words to that effect."	Did Lincoln Say, ‘If You Want to Test a Man’s Character, Give Him Power’?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-dakota	In 1862, Abraham Lincoln ordered the execution by hanging of 38 Dakota Sioux fighters.	Did Abraham Lincoln Order the Execution of 38 Dakota Fighters?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-destroyed-from-outside	Did Abraham Lincoln proclaim that 'America will never be destroyed from the outside'?	Did Abraham Lincoln Say ‘America Will Never Be Destroyed From the Outside’?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-ghost-picture	"""Spirit photographer"" William Mumler captured a picture of Abraham Lincoln's ghost in a studio portrait of Mary Todd Lincoln."	Did William Mumler Take a Picture of Lincoln’s Ghost in 1872?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-last-words	"Abraham Lincoln's last words were: ""We will visit the Holy Land, and see those places hallowed by the footsteps of the Savior. There is no city on earth I so much desire to see as Jerusalem."""	Were These Abraham Lincoln’s Last Words?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-masters-court-congress	Abraham Lincoln once said that 'We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the Courts.'	Did Lincoln Say ‘We the People Are the Rightful Masters of Both Congress and the Courts’?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-meets-poe	A photograph shows Abraham posing with author Edgar Allan Poe.	Did Abraham Lincoln Meet Edgar Allan Poe?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-memorial-defaced-protesters	A photograph shows the Lincoln Memorial after it was defaced by Black Lives Matter (BLM) protesters.	Is This a Photo of the Lincoln Memorial After Being Defaced by Protesters?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-portrait-removed-obama-dogs	A portrait of Abraham Lincoln was removed from the White House to make way for a picture of the Obamas' pet dogs.	Was Lincoln’s Portrait Removed from the White House for a Picture of the Obamas’ Dogs?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-prosperity-quote	"Abraham Lincoln authored a list of maxims beginning with 'You cannot bring about prosperity by discouraging thrift.'"""	Abraham Lincoln on Prosperity
vclaim-sno-lincoln-tunnel-flooded	The Hudson River flooded the Lincoln Tunnel on July 14, 2020.	Did the Hudson River Flood the Lincoln Tunnel?
vclaim-sno-lincoln-wrestling-hall-of-fame	Abraham Lincoln was an accomplished wrestler who was inducted into the Wrestling Hall of Fame with a near-perfect record.	Is Abraham Lincoln in the Wrestling Hall of Fame?
vclaim-sno-linda-collins-smith-clintons	Linda Collins-Smith, a former Arkansas politician who was shot to death in June 2019, was about to testify against Hillary Clinton.	Was Linda Collins-Smith About to Testify Against Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-lindsay-ranch-raided	The DEA raided the vacation ranch of U.S. Senator Hal Lindsay of New Jersey and seized large quantities of illegal drugs.	The DEA Just Raided a United States Senator — Dems in a Panic?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-crime-impeach	U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham argued in 1999 that a crime wasn't necessary for presidential impeachment.	Did U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham Once Say a Crime Isn’t Required for Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-nominate-trump	"Senator Lindsey Graham once said that Republicans would ""get destroyed"" if they nominated Donald Trump as their presidential candidate."	Did Lindsey Graham Say Republicans Would Get ‘Destroyed’ If They Nominated Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-proud-boys	U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham had dinner with Joe Biggs, a prominent figure in the right-wing Proud Boys group, before Biggs helped plan the January 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol.	Did Lindsey Graham Meet a Proud Boys Organizer Before Capitol Attack?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-statement-presidential-race-fake	Lindsey Graham badmouthed the Republican Party after suspending his 2016 presidential campaign.	Lindsey Graham Didn’t Badmouth Republicans
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-trump-bigot	"Sen. Lindsey Graham called President Donald Trump a ""race-baiting xenophobic bigot"" in 2015 but in 2018 claimed that he had ""never heard him make a single racist statement."""	Did Sen. Lindsey Graham Call Trump a ‘Race-Baiting, Xenophobic Bigot’ in 2015?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-graham-trump-cdc	"U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham said, ""President Trump probably knows more about medicine and specifically viruses than any of the so-called scientists at the NIH and CDC."""	Did US Sen. Graham Say Trump Knows More Than CDC About Medicine?
vclaim-sno-lindsey-ryan	A 14-year-old  named Lindsey Ryan is missing from her Michigan home.	Missing Child: Lindsey Ryan
vclaim-sno-linked-list	Photographs show a mass re-enlistment ceremony held in Iraq on the Fourth of July in 2008.	Largest Re-Enlistment Ceremony Ever
vclaim-sno-linkin-kennedy	List describes a number of amazing coincidences that can be found between the assassinations of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy.	Lincoln and Kennedy Coincidences
vclaim-sno-lion-and-cat	A photograph shows a house cat cuddling with a lion.	Lion Snuggles With Cat?
vclaim-sno-lion-cut	"Photographs show a domestic cat accidentally given a ""lion cut."""	Is This a Cat with a ‘Lion Cut’?
vclaim-sno-lion-king-sand-dunes	"Disney animators hid a risqué image in sand dunes visible in ""The Lion King"" animated film."	Is a Risqué Image of Sand Dunes Hidden in ‘The Lion King’?
vclaim-sno-lion-revenge-trophy-hunter-video	A video shows a hunter getting attacked by a lion while posing with a recent kill.	Did a Lion Take Revenge on a Trophy Hunter?
vclaim-sno-lionesses-grow-manes	"Under certain conditions, lionesses can grow manes and develop ""masculine behavior""."	Can Lionesses Grow Manes?
vclaim-sno-lions-kill-poacher-south-africa	In February 2018, a pride of lions killed and ate a man suspected of being a poacher near Kruger National Park in South Africa.	Did a Pride of Lions Kill and Eat a Suspected Poacher in South Africa?
vclaim-sno-lions-mane-mushroom	A photo shared to Twitter on Feb. 13, 2021, documented a human-sized “lion mane mushroom growing in a swamp.”	Does This Photo Show a Human-Sized Lion’s Mane Mushroom?
vclaim-sno-lions-save-christians-from-islamic-militants	A group of lions intervened and saved Christian missionaries from being stoned to death by Islamic militants in Asia.	Did a Group of Lions Save Christians from Islamic Militants?
vclaim-sno-liquid-paperback-writer	Monkee Mike Nesmith’s mother was the inventor of Liquid Paper correction fluid.	Monkee Mike Nesmith and Liquid Paper
vclaim-sno-liquid-soap-ticks	Swabbing ticks with liquid soap is a recommended and effective method for removing them.	Should You Use Liquid Soap to Remove Ticks?
vclaim-sno-lisa-barsoomian-rod-rosenstein	"Authorities have deleted court records and online references to former United States Attorney Lisa Barsoomian, as part of a ""deep state"" conspiracy."	Did a Shadowy Conspiracy Involve ‘Purging’ the Internet of Records Relating to Lisa Barsoomian?
vclaim-sno-lisa-lopes	"TLC's Lisa ""Left-Eye"" Lopes was murdered in a revenge killing."	Was Lisa Lopes Murdered?
vclaim-sno-liselotte-hubner-donald-trump	"Liselotte Hubner remarked in 1929 that the rise of Hitler, a ""blusterous man,"" had dumbfounded educated people."	Liselotte Hübner on Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-listen-to-scientists	"U.S. President Donald Trump mocked his political opponent Joe Biden for vowing to ""listen to the scientists"" in regards to the COVID-19 pandemic."	Did Trump Criticize Biden for Saying He’ll ‘Listen to the Scientists’?
vclaim-sno-lithium-mine-oil-sands	An image shows the difference between a lithium mine and an oil sands installation.	Lithium Mine vs. Oil Sands Extraction
vclaim-sno-little-boys-headstone-removed-single-complaint	A headstone marking the burial site of a 4-year-old boy was removed because its shape violated cemetery rules.	Little Boy’s Headstone Removed Because of Single Complaint
vclaim-sno-little-girl-opens-door-hurricane-ophelia	A mishap involving a little girl, a swinging door, and a gust of wind was caught on video during a hurricane.	Does This Photograph Show a Little Girl Desperately Clinging to a Screen Door During a Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-little-gun-history	Internet list accurately cites historical facts and figures proving that the worst mass exterminations of civilian populations in the twentieth century were the result of gun control laws.	‘A Little Gun History’
vclaim-sno-little-leaguer-porn-star	ESPN aired a graphic listing porn star Johnny Sins as a Little League baseball player's favorite actor.	Did a Little Leaguer List a Porn Star as His Favorite Actor?
vclaim-sno-little-quizzies	Coed makes unintentionally risqué remark about professor’s “little quizzies.”	Little Quizzies
vclaim-sno-little-richard-10-years-old	A video clip shows a 10-year-old Little Richard playing a boogie-woogie piano piece.	Does This Video Show a 10-Year-Old Little Richard?
vclaim-sno-little-suck-a-thumb-german	"""Little Suck-a-Thumb,"" a story about a ""great tall tailor"" who cuts off little kids' thumbs, is from a real German children's book."	Is ‘Little Suck-a-Thumb’ from a Real German Children’s Book?
vclaim-sno-little-timmy-facebook-flag	"Facebook removed an image of ""Little Timmy"" saluting the United States flag because ""non-Americans"" found it offensive."	Was ‘Little Timmy Salutes the Flag’ Banned by Facebook?
vclaim-sno-live-abortion-for-bitcoin	A popular teen YouTuber planning a “live on-camera abortion” to raise Bitcoin donations for Planned Parenthood.	Is a Popular Teen YouTuber Planning ‘Live On-Camera Abortion’ for Bitcoin Donations?
vclaim-sno-live-action-lilo-stitch-remake	"A set of images shows Disney's upcoming live-action remake of the movie ""Lilo and Stitch."""	Are These Images from the Live Action ‘Lilo & Stitch’ Remake?
vclaim-sno-live-and-kern	Photograph shows a Kern County Sheriff’s car with an unusual decal.	Live and Kern
vclaim-sno-live-and-let-lie	A 179-year-old man is living in India.	Indian Man Claims He’s 170 Years Old
vclaim-sno-live-jeweled-beetles-as-brooches	"There is a type of ""living brooch"" made and sold in Mexico consisting of a live beetle coated in gold and gemstones."	Do People Really Wear Live, Jewel-Encrusted Beetles as Brooches?
vclaim-sno-livin39-on-the-edge	Photographs show a truck that crashed through a highway barrier and skirted a culvert on the edge of a cliff.	‘Livin’ on the Edge’ Truck Accident
vclaim-sno-living-triceratops-indonesia	A video shows a real triceratops being unloaded from a truck in Indonesia.	Was a Living Triceratops Found in Indonesia?
vclaim-sno-livonia-convent	Thirteen Felician sisters from one convent died from COVID-19.	Did 13 ‘Nuns’ Die of COVID-19 at a US Convent?
vclaim-sno-liz-biz	Designer Liz Claiborne appeared on a popular television talk show and announced that she doesn’t design clothes for black women because “their hips are too big.”	Liz Claiborne Doesn’t Design for Black Women
vclaim-sno-liz-crokin-trump-unthinkable	"An opinion piece entitled ""Trump Does the Unthinkable"" was penned by a woman named Liz Crokin."	Was a ‘Trump Does the Unthinkable’ Op-Ed Written by Liz Crokin?
vclaim-sno-liz-warren-zuckerberg-trump	U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's presidential campaign claimed in October 2019 that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had endorsed President Donald Trump for re-election.	Did Elizabeth Warren’s Campaign Say Mark Zuckerberg Had Endorsed Trump?
vclaim-sno-lloyd-austin-defund-military	"U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin considered ""defunding, maybe disbanding"" the Army and leaving national defense to China."	No, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin Isn’t Considering ‘Defunding, Maybe Disbanding’ US Army
vclaim-sno-loan-arranger	President Obama has signed a bill forgiving all student loans taken out within the last ten years.	Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt
vclaim-sno-lobster-love	The lobster with which a woman was masturbating defecated into her vagina, implanting brine shrimp eggs which hatched inside	Lobster Love
vclaim-sno-lobster-therm-adored	Lobsters mate for life.	Do Lobsters Mate for Life?
vclaim-sno-lobster-write-numbers-with-pen	A video shows a lobster writing a series of numbers with a pen.	Is This Lobster Really Writing Numbers with a Pen?
vclaim-sno-loch-ness-monster-carcass	A photograph shows the skeletal remains of the Loch Ness Monster.	Photographs Show Carcass of Loch Ness Monster
vclaim-sno-lockdown-protest-car-message	"A photograph shows a ""Your Health Is Not More Important Than My Liberties!"" message displayed on an automobile window at a protest calling for the loosening of COVID-19 social-distancing restrictions."	Is This a Real Message Displayed at a COVID-19 Anti-Lockdown Protest?
vclaim-sno-lockdown-rally-flyer	"A photograph shows a flyer posted for an ""End the Lockdown Rally"" in Staten Island."	Is This a Flyer for an ‘End the Lockdown Rally’?
vclaim-sno-lol-surprise-dolls-water	Placing an L.O.L. Surprise! doll in water will reveal lingerie on the doll's body.	Does Putting L.O.L. Surprise! Dolls in Water Reveal Lingerie?
vclaim-sno-lolli-pox	During Halloween 2019, an Australian mother and registered nurse offered chickenpox-infected lollipops for sale in an anti-vaccine Facebook group.	Did Anti-Vaccine Mom Distribute Lollipops Infected with Chickenpox?
vclaim-sno-lolspeak-of-the-devil	"The abbreviation ""LOL"" means ""Lucifer Our Lord"" and is used in prayer by Satanists."	Does LOL Stand for ‘Lucifer Our Lord’?
vclaim-sno-london-calling	Michelle Obama and her daughters toured London for two days after President Obama had returned to U.S.	Michelle Obama London Sightseeing
vclaim-sno-london-closes-500-churches-opens-423-new-mosques	London closed 500 churches and opened 423 new mosques.	Did London Close 500 Churches and Open 423 New Mosques?
vclaim-sno-london-donald-trump-sadiq-khan-london-mayor	A video shows Londoners expressing support for the US President, following a June 2017 terrorist attack in the city	Did Londoners Chant in Support of Donald Trump in the Aftermath of a Terrorist Attack?
vclaim-sno-london-knife-crime-muslims	"In 2017, ""Muslim immigrants"" committed 11,000 out of 13,000 total knife crime offences in London, England."	Did ‘Muslim Immigrants’ Commit the Most Knife Crimes in London in 2017?
vclaim-sno-london-mayor-trump-protest	The mayor of London encouraged muslims to riot during President Donald Trump's visit to the U.K	Did London’s Mayor Encourage Muslims to Riot During Trump’s UK Visit?
vclaim-sno-london-underground-sign	A sign posted in the London Underground informed passengers that they all smelled and should wear deodorant.	Is This a Real London Underground Sign?
vclaim-sno-londons-mayor-bans-sexy-images	"London's Muslim Mayor Sadiq Khan banned images of ""sexy"" women because they're offensive to Islam."	Did London’s Mayor Ban Sexy Images Because They’re Offensive to Islam?
vclaim-sno-londons-mayor-threatens-trump	London's new mayor Sadiq Khan threatened Donald Trump with terror attacks if the candidate's proposed anti-Islam proposals were implemented.	London’s New Mayor Threatens Trump
vclaim-sno-long-exposure-lightning-tree	Photograph shows a long-exposure shot of lightning striking a tree.	Is This Image a Long-Exposure Photograph of a Lightning Bolt Hitting a Tree?
vclaim-sno-long-live-timbits	Burger King is taking Timbits off of the Tim Hortons menu.	Burger King Kills Timbits â€” Canadians React Angrily
vclaim-sno-long-lost-wedding-ring-found-around-carrot	A Swedish woman found a long-lost wedding ring in her carrot garden.	Long-Lost Wedding Ring Found Around Carrot
vclaim-sno-longest-lunar-eclipse	A lunar eclipse occurring on 27 July 2018 will be the longest duration total lunar eclipse of the 21st century.	The Longest Total Lunar Eclipse of the 21st Century Will Occur on July 27
vclaim-sno-loo-looters	Thieves who work shopping malls are robbing women in washrooms and leaving them naked.	Robbery in Shopping Mall Bathrooms
vclaim-sno-look-for-the-helpers	Television's children host Mr. Rogers said his mother responded to scary news by telling him, 'Look for the helpers.'	Fred Rogers — ‘Look for the Helpers’
vclaim-sno-look-under-your-affairs-everyone	Leah Remini found out during a phone prank Ellen DeGeneres' show that her husband was cheating on her.	Leah Remini Finds Out Husband Is Cheating on ‘Ellen’ Show?
vclaim-sno-loonie-toonies	You can tell counterfeit $2 coins (toonies) circulating in Canada from real ones by the size of the Queen’s portrait.	Fake Canadian $2 Coins
vclaim-sno-loose-change	Pentagon sources issued a warning to Russian officials to expect a “radical change” in the U.S. government soon.	Pentagon Warns to Expect ‘Radical’ Change in U.S. Government Soon
vclaim-sno-looter-arrested-in-blackface	A photograph shows an arrested looter amid social unrest in 2020 wearing blackface.	Is This a Photo of a Looter in Blackface?
vclaim-sno-lord-of-the-ring	Barack Obama’s wedding ring bears an Arabic inscription reading “There is no god but Allah.”	Obama’s Wedding Ring
vclaim-sno-lord-rings-donut	"A photograph shows a donut with ""Muslim writing"" on it."	Lord of the Rings Donut
vclaim-sno-lords-name-in-bed	John Hagee, founder of the Cornerstone Church, wants to prosecute women for saying God's name during intercourse.	Does John Hagee Want to Prosecute Women Who Say God’s Name During Intercourse?
vclaim-sno-loreal-beagle-testing	Image depicts a beagle blinded in animal testing carried out by L'Oreal cosmetics.	L’Oreal Beagle Testing
vclaim-sno-loreal-violent-white-race	"L'Oréal Paris' adviser released an inflammatory statement saying white people’s existence was ""drenched in racism,"" and ""their race is the most violent and oppressive force on earth."""	Did L’Oréal Release a Statement Critiquing the ‘Violent’ White Race?
vclaim-sno-loretta-lynch-confederate-flag-tattoos-must-all-be-removed-immediately	Attorney General Loretta Lynch declared that all Confederate flag tattoos must be removed immediately.	Loretta Lynch: ‘Confederate Flag Tattoos Must All Be Removed IMMEDIATELY’
vclaim-sno-loretta-lynch-pleads-fifth-over-iran-payment	Attorney General Loretta Lynch invoked her Fifth Amendment protection not to incriminate herself over the Obama administration's transfer of money to Iran.	Loretta Lynch Pleads Fifth Over Iran Payment
vclaim-sno-loretta-lynn-kid-rock-married	In August 2020, Loretta Lynn and Kid Rock married each other.	Did Loretta Lynn and Kid Rock Get Married?
vclaim-sno-loretta-lynn-obituary	Country singer Loretta Lynn passed away in December 2018 and left behind a pro-Trump note for her fans.	Loretta Lynn Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-lori-loughlin-education-secretary	President Trump has named actress Lori Loughlin as U.S. Secretary of Education.	Did President Trump Name Lori Loughlin Education Secretary?
vclaim-sno-lori-mcallen-shoot-immigrants	In June 2018, Oregon DOT employee Lori McAllen said immigrants into the United States should be shot at the border with Mexico.	Did an Oregon Department of Transportation Employee Say That Immigrants Should be ‘Shot at the Border’?
vclaim-sno-lorry-lorry-hallelujah	A diner who is picked on by some bikers at a coffee shop drives over their motorcycles on his way out.	Trucker vs. Bikers
vclaim-sno-los-angeles-gas-price	Gas stations in Los Angeles are charging in excess of $6 for regular gasoline and $9 for higher-quality options.	Are Gasoline Prices Over $6.00 per Gallon in California?
vclaim-sno-loser-com-trump-wikipedia-page	The website Loser.com redirected to U.S. President Donald Trump's Wikipedia page in the days after the 2020 election.	Does Loser.com Redirect to Trump’s Wikipedia Page?
vclaim-sno-loser-lawn-trump-golf-course	"A photograph shows the word ""loser"" projected onto the lawn of U.S. President Donald Trump's golf course in Scotland."	Was ‘Loser’ Projected Onto the Lawn of Trump’s Scottish Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-losing-interest	Bank of America has declined to continue doing business with industries involved in gun sales.	Bank of America Gun Sales
vclaim-sno-lost-child-rape-lure	Rapists are using small children who appear to be lost to lure victims to them.	Are Rapists Using Lost Children to Lure Victims?
vclaim-sno-lost-city-of-thonis-heracleion-repurposed-clickbait	Divers uncovered the submerged city of Heracleion in October 2017.	Did Divers Just Uncover the ‘Lost City’ of Heracleion?
vclaim-sno-lost-exam-page	A student completed his exam outside of class, returned it to the classroom and dropped it on the floor, and waited for someone to find it and turn it in.	The Tale of the Lost Exam Page
vclaim-sno-lost-fortunes	An inadequately safeguarded winning lottery ticket is lost, either through being treated carelessly or by being passed around in a bar.	Pocketed Lottery Ticket
vclaim-sno-lost-soles	A longtime anti-gun state legislator shot a home intruder in defense of his property.	Anti-Gun Senator Shoots Intruder
vclaim-sno-lot-reserved-for-future-internment-camp	"Photographs depict signs marking the sites of ""future internment camps"" authorized by President Trump's executive order."	Signs Designate Lots Reserved for Future Internment Camps?
vclaim-sno-lottery-winner-arrested-dumping-200000-manure-lawn-former-boss	A lottery winner was arrested after he spent $200,000 to dump manure on his ex-boss's lawn.	Was a Lottery Winner Arrested for Dumping $200,000 of Manure on the Lawn of His Former Boss?
vclaim-sno-lottery-winner-dies-gold-plating	A lottery winner died after attempting to gold-plate his testicles.	Atlanta Lottery Winner Dies After Gold Plating His Testicles?
vclaim-sno-lottery-winner-shane-missler-giving-away-money-retweets	Lottery winner Shane Missler is giving away $5000 to the first 50,000 followers that retweet his post.	Lottery Winner Shane Missler Giving Away Money for Retweets?
vclaim-sno-lou-holtz-didn39t-nail-it	Former football coach Lou Holtz penned an essay about ‘Two Americas.”	Lou Holtz Nails It
vclaim-sno-lou-holtz-praise-hitler	Former college football coach Lou Holtz once praised Adolf Hitler as a great leader.	Did Lou Holtz Praise Hitler as a Great Leader?
vclaim-sno-loud-fart-locates-crime-suspect	A picture shows a genuine news story about a loud fart giving a criminal suspect's location away to police.	Did a Loud Fart Give a Suspect’s Location Away to Police?
vclaim-sno-louie-louie	"The lyrics to the song ""Louie Louie"" contain multiple obscene references."	Are the Lyrics to ‘Louie, Louie’ Obscene?
vclaim-sno-louis-farrakhan-jesus-redeemer	"During a speech in which he declared Jesus Christ his ""redeemer,"" Muslim leader Louis Farrakhan gave indications that he was breaking with Islam in favor of following Christianity."	Did Louis Farrakhan Renounce Islam and Convert to Christianity?
vclaim-sno-louis-vuitton-sponsor-human-zoos	"In the late 1800s and early 1900s, Louis Vuitton sponsored ""human zoos"" in which black people were put on display like exotic circus animals."	Did Louis Vuitton Sponsor ‘Human Zoos’ in the 1800s and Early 1900s?
vclaim-sno-louisiana-court-black-man-hedge	A Black man was sentenced to life in prison in 1997 for stealing hedge clippers — a decision upheld by Louisiana's Supreme Court in July 2020.	Did Louisiana High Court Uphold Black Man’s Life Sentence for Stealing Hedge Clippers?
vclaim-sno-louisiana-priests-dont-have-to-report-sexual-abuse	A court ruling means priests in Louisiana don't have to report sexual abuse.	Do Louisiana Priests Not Have to Report Sexual Abuse?
vclaim-sno-louisiana-shrimp-quote	British Petroleum spokesperson opines “Louisiana isn’t the only place that has shrimp.”	Louisiana Shrimp Quote
vclaim-sno-love-bugs-origins	"""Love bugs"" are the result of a genetic experiment gone wrong at the University of Florida."	Are Love Bugs the Result of an Experiment Gone Wrong?
vclaim-sno-love-hertz	Rental car company’s return of client’s forgotten personal property leads to discovery of affair.	Rental Car Return Reveals Infidelity
vclaim-sno-lower-age-of-consent	An effort is underway to lower the minimum age of consent for sexual activity to age 4.	Is the Age of Consent Being Lowered to 4?
vclaim-sno-lowes-coupon-scam	Lowe's is giving out coupons worth up to $150 to Facebook users to celebrate the chain's anniversary.	Lowe’s $150 Anniversary Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-lowes-versus-home-depot-meme	Lowe's was giving $25 million in grant money to minority-owned businesses reopening amid the COVID-19 pandemic, while the founder of Home Depot gave millions to U.S. President Donald Trump's campaign.	Did Lowe’s Donate $25M to Minority-Owned Businesses, While Home Depot Founder Gave to Trump?
vclaim-sno-lqp-79-zombie-virus	A virus known as LQP-79 produces “zombie-like” cannibalistic behavior in humans.	LQP-79 Zombie Virus
vclaim-sno-lt-col-matthew-dooley-fired	Lt. Col Matthew Dooley was fired from a teaching position due to complaints from Islamic groups.	Lt. Col Matthew Dooley Fired
vclaim-sno-luc-montagnier-covid-created-lab	2008 Nobel Prize winner Luc Montagnier said that COVID-19 coronavirus disease was artificially created in a lab by biologists working on an AIDS vaccine.	Did This Nobel Prize Winner Say COVID-19 Was Created in a Lab?
vclaim-sno-lucas-armitage-shooting-burglar	"A boy named Lucas Armitage was praised as a ""hero"" for shooting and viciously mutilating a would-be burglar."	Was a Boy Named Lucas Armitage Praised for Shooting, Mutilating a Burglar?
vclaim-sno-luck-be-in-the-air-tonight	An image shows an unfinished 'Wheel of Fortune' puzzle with an apparently salacious solution.	Was This a Real ‘Wheel of Fortune’ Puzzle?
vclaim-sno-lucky-coyote	Photographs show a coyote that survived an eight-hour trip wedged behind a car bumper.	Lucky Coyote
vclaim-sno-lucky-kit-kat	Kit Kat chocolate bars bring luck to Japanese students during exams.	Lucky Kit Kat
vclaim-sno-lucky-strike-2	Photographs show an airliner that was struck by lightning.	Airplane Hit by Lightning
vclaim-sno-lucky-strike	Cleveland Indians second baseman Joe Gordon deliberately struck out to prevent rookie Larry Doby from looking bad during his first at-bat.	Larry Doby
vclaim-sno-lucky-strikes	Lucky Strike brand cigarettes are so named because some packs contained marijuana cigarettes.	Marijuana in Lucky Strike
vclaim-sno-lucy-in-the-sky-with-diamonds	"John Lennon deliberately chose the song title Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds because the initial letters of key words form the acrostic ""LSD""."	Is ‘Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds’ Code for LSD?
vclaim-sno-luis-gutierrez-state-of-the-union	Luis Gutiérrez left Donald Trump's 2018 State of the Union speech in anger or disgust at patriotic chanting.	Did a Democratic Congressman ‘Storm Out’ of Trump’s State of the Union?
vclaim-sno-lululemon-ambassadors	Lululemon is recruiting 150 ambassadors via social media.	Is Lululemon Recruiting 150 Ambassadors via Instagram?
vclaim-sno-lumber-car	A photograph shows a small car loaded down with hundreds of pounds of lumber and other building supplies.	Is This Car Loaded with 3000 Lbs. of Building Supplies?
vclaim-sno-lunar-eclipses-full-moons	Lunar eclipses happen only during full moons.	Lunar Eclipses Happen Only During Full Moons
vclaim-sno-lunch-fray	Circulating photo set accurately compares school lunches from other countries with American offerings that are paltry due to the interference of Michelle Obama.	Pictures Compares U.S. School Lunches to Other Countries’
vclaim-sno-lung-from-covid-19-patient	A photograph shows the damage to a person's lung from the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Was This Lung Removed from a COVID-19 Patient?
vclaim-sno-luxury-rv-giveaway-scam	A Facebook page is giving away luxury RV's to users who like and share their page.	SCAM: Luxury RV Giveaway
vclaim-sno-lv-parents-ear-modification	A Las Vegas couple was arrested for modifying their baby's ears to make them pointed like a Vulcan's.	Las Vegas Parents Facing Charges for Modifying 8-Month-Old Baby’s Ears
vclaim-sno-lyft-free-ride-job-interview	The ride-hailing company Lyft provides users free rides to job interviews.	Does Lyft Provide Free Rides to Job Interviews?
vclaim-sno-lyin-34i34s	In 1974, Bill Clinton said President Richard Nixon should resign for lying to government officials.	Clinton: Nixon Should Be Impeached for Lying
vclaim-sno-lylah-rose	A 2-month-old girl was badly burned in the hand by emergency room staff at a Merced hospital.	Facebook Appeal for Lylah Rose
vclaim-sno-lynch-job	Orly Taitz discovered a hidden connection between Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch and former Attorney General Eric Holder.	Loretta Lynch, Sharon Malone Connection
vclaim-sno-lynched-oklahoma-media	Two black men, Alize Ramon Smith and Jarron Keonte Moreland of Moore, Oklahoma, were lynched by four white people in April 2018, a crime that was largely ignored by the media.	Were Two Young Black Men Lynched in Oklahoma Without Media Attention?
vclaim-sno-lyrid-meteor-shower	A prominent meteor shower will be visible in late April 2013.	April 2013 Meteor Shower
vclaim-sno-m-16-made-mattel	The M-16 rifles used by American soldiers in Vietnam were manufactured by the Mattel toy company.	Were the M-16 Rifles Used During the Vietnam War Made by Mattel?
vclaim-sno-m1-m25-speed-cameras	In early January 2019, all speed cameras on the M1 and M25 motorways in England were simultaneously activated, with a uniform speed limit of 72 miles per hour.	Were All Speed Limit Cameras on Two Major English Roads Set to 72 MPH in January 2019?
vclaim-sno-macarthur-planets-war	"During a 1955 speech at West Point, General Douglas MacArthur told assembled cadets: ""The next war will be an interplanetary war. The nations of the earth must someday make a common front against attack by people from other planets."""	Did General Douglas MacArthur Predict an Interplanetary War?
vclaim-sno-macaulay-culkin-dead	Actor Macaulay Culkin has died.	Macaulay Culkin Dead?
vclaim-sno-macauley-culkin-satanic-hollywood	Former child star Macaulay Culkin said Hollywood is run by Satanic pedophiles, one of whom boasted that his shoes were made from the skin of deceased child actress Heather O'Rourke.	Did Macaulay Culkin Say Satanic Hollywood Executives Wear Shoes Made From Dead Children?
vclaim-sno-machine-automatically-sorting-colored-balls	A video shows a device automatically sorting hundreds of small balls by color.	Can This Machine Automatically Sort Balls by Color?
vclaim-sno-machine-gun-kelly-death-hoax	Rapper Machine Gun Kelly has died from a ‘ligma overdose.’	Machine Gun Kelly Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-machine-voting-pens-switching-votes	Votes intended for Hillary Clinton are being allocated to Donald Trump on touchscreen voting machines.	Machine Voting Pens Switching Votes from Clinton to Trump?
vclaim-sno-macklewar	Musician Macklemore tweeted that he has joined ISIS.	Did Macklemore Join ISIS?
vclaim-sno-macon-trouble	Gang initiates in Macon, Georgia, must shoot a white female at the Macon Mall.	Macon Mall Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-macri-trump-carter-award	"President Trump ""vetoed"" Argentina's decision to honor Jimmy Carter in April 2017."	Did the Trump Administration ‘Veto’ Argentina’s Decision to Honor Jimmy Carter?
vclaim-sno-macys-gift-card-scam	Macy’s is giving out $200 gift cards to users who follow three simple steps on Facebook.	Free $200 Macy’s Gift Card
vclaim-sno-mad-cow-versus-brexit	Areas that voted to leave the European Union in the 2016 'Brexit' vote were the same areas affected by Mad Cow Disease in 1992.	Does This Map Show Mad Cow Disease Prevalence vs. Brexit Voters?
vclaim-sno-madam-c-j-walker-first-millionaire	A photograph shows Madam C.J. Walker, the first woman to become a millionaire in the United States.	Was Madam C.J. Walker the First Woman To Become a Millionaire?
vclaim-sno-madame-tussauds-dump-trump	In advance of the 2020 general election, Madame Tussauds wax museum in Berlin displayed the likeness of U.S. President Donald Trump in a dumpster as part of an exhibit with the sign, “Dump Trump.”	Did Madame Tussauds in Berlin Place Trump Wax Figure in Dumpster?
vclaim-sno-madden-nfl-15-super-bowl-prediction	A Madden NFL 2015 simulation correctly predicted the winner and final score of the 2015 Super Bowl.	Madden 15 Simulation Nails Super Bowl Prediction
vclaim-sno-maddie-kelley-video	Georgia teenager Maddie Kelley is endangered and needs help.	Is this Teenager in Danger?
vclaim-sno-made-in-usa	Japan renamed a town 'Usa' so that it could legitimately stamp its exports 'Made in USA.'	Was a Town in Japan Renamed ‘Usa’ So Its Products Could Be Labeled ‘Made in USA’?
vclaim-sno-madison-morris	16-year-old Madison Morris is missing from her Killeen, Texas, home.	Missing Child: Madison Morris
vclaim-sno-madonna-trump-2020	In an interview with Fox News in September 2018, Madonna said she regretted not voting for Donald Trump in 2016 and would support him in 2020.	Did Madonna Say She Would Vote for President Trump in 2020?
vclaim-sno-maga-demonstration-photo	An image of protesters packing the streets of the District of Columbia depicted a Make America Great Again (MAGA) demonstration.	Does This Photo Show a Crowded MAGA Demonstration?
vclaim-sno-maga-hat-starbucks-video	A video shows a white man ripping the “MAGA” hat off the head of a black Trump supporter in a Starbucks.	Does This Video Show a Man Ripping the MAGA Hat Off a Trump Supporter?
vclaim-sno-maga-mean-easily-fooled-idiot	"The word ""maga"" means ""easily fooled idiot"" in Nigerian Pidgin."	Does ‘Maga’ Mean ‘Easily Fooled Idiot’ in Nigerian Pidgin?
vclaim-sno-maga-students-video	A video shows students beating a classmate on a school bus because he was wearing a Trump presidential campaign hat.	Does a Video Show Students Beating a Classmate for Wearing a MAGA Hat?
vclaim-sno-maga-trump-million-march	More than one million people took part in a pro-Donald Trump march in Washington, D.C., on Nov. 14, 2020.	Did ‘More Than One Million’ People Attend a Pro-Trump ‘MAGA March’ in D.C.?
vclaim-sno-maggie-lee-henson	Prayers are requested for Maggie Lee Henson, a 12-year-old girl injured in a bus crash.	Maggie Lee Henson Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-maggot-brain	Photographs show a man whose brain became ‘infested with maggots’ due to an ingrown hair or consumption of contaminated sushi.	Maggots in Brain
vclaim-sno-maggot-infested-weave	Sharonda Banks, 28, of Newark, New Jersey died after a maggot-infested weave was sewn into her scalp.	Woman Dies from Maggot Infested Weave
vclaim-sno-maggots-bertolli-sauce	A customer found maggots inside a new jar of Bertolli tomato sauce.	Maggots in Bertolli Sauce?
vclaim-sno-maggots-found-in-similac-formula-powder	A woman discovered that her infant's powdered Similac formula was infested with maggots.	Maggots Found in Similac Formula Powder?
vclaim-sno-maggots-in-cherries-video	A video shows small, white worms inside some cherries.	Are These Maggots in Cherries?
vclaim-sno-magic-johnson-blood-donation	"HIV-positive basketball star Earvin ""Magic"" Johnson donated blood to patients with leukemia."	Did Magic Johnson Donate Blood to Leukemia and Lymphoma Patients?
vclaim-sno-magic-johnson-celebrity-crew	A photograph showing Magic Johnson with Jack Nicholson, Michael Jackson, Madonna, and several other celebrities walking into the NBA Playoffs.	Is This Magic Johnson’s Celebrity Crew Arriving at NBA Playoffs?
vclaim-sno-magic-sword-toothpick	"A video shows a ""magic sword"" going through a toothpick."	Is This ‘Magic Sword’ Really Going Through a Toothpick?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-ballot-deadline	The U.S. Postal Service is telling voters to send mail-in ballots 14 days before the Nov. 3, 2020, general election.	Did USPS Tell Americans to Send Mail-In Ballots 2 Weeks in Advance?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-ballot-voter-fraud	"In U.S. elections, mail-in voting systems ""substantially"" increase the risk of voter fraud compared to in-person voting."	Do Mail-In Ballots Increase Risk of Voter Fraud?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-ballots-ditch-wisconsin	Three trays of mail, including several mail-in ballots, were found in a ditch along a highway in Wisconsin in September 2020.	Were Trays of Mail, Including Mail-In Ballots, Found in a Ditch?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-ballots-indiana	Janet Reed, a Democratic activist in Indiana, was arrested in 2020 on suspicion of selecting Democratic candidates on more than 400 mail-in ballots.	Was an Indiana Woman Arrested on Suspicion of Voter Fraud in 2020?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-ballots-missing	"In four elections from 2012 to 2018, an aggregate of 28 million mail-in ballots went ""missing."""	Did 28 Million Mail-In Ballots Go ‘Missing’ in Last Four Elections?
vclaim-sno-mail-in-voting-ballots	One Pennsylvania resident received two mail-in ballots in 2020, both of which could be used in an upcoming election.	Did a Pennsylvania Voter Receive Two Usable Ballots?
vclaim-sno-mailed-ballots-require-extra-postage	Mail-in ballots require additional stamps and will not be counted if affixed postage is insufficient.	Do Mail-In Ballots Require Extra Postage?
vclaim-sno-maine-crematorium-free-cremations	A crematorium in Maine offered its services for free to contest winners.	Is a Maine Crematorium Offering Free Cremations?
vclaim-sno-major-league-remark	"President Bush once referred to a reporter as a ""major league asshole."""	Did President Bush Call a Reporter a ‘Major League Asshole’?
vclaim-sno-make-45-becomes-46-again-shirt	"An image shows a man wearing a pro-Trump ""Make 45 Becomes 46 Again"" t-shirt."	Does This Photograph Show a Man Wearing a ‘Make 45 Becomes 46 Again’ T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-make-a-wish-touchdown	"A ""Make-A-Wish"" experience was ruined when a high school football player tackled a sick child running for a touchdown."	Make-a-Wish Touchdown
vclaim-sno-make-america-more-islamic-quote	"White House adviser Valerie Jarrett once said she seeks ""to help change America to be a more Islamic country."""	Did Valerie Jarrett Say She Wants to ‘Help Change America to Be a More Islamic Country’?
vclaim-sno-make-america-white-again-billboard	"A billboard that says ""Make America White Again"" is part of a political campaign."	Make America White Again
vclaim-sno-make-america-white-again-trump	"Photograph shows Donald Trump supporters wearing ""Make America White Again"" shirts at a rally."	‘Make America White Again’
vclaim-sno-make-germany-great-again	"As the Nazi Party rose to power, Hitler used the slogan ""Make Germany Great Again."""	Hitler and Trump: Common Slogans?
vclaim-sno-make-michael39s-day	At an awards ceremony in 2005, Clint Eastwood threatened to “kill” Michael Moore.	Clint Eastwood Threatened to Kill Michael Moore?
vclaim-sno-make-whites-great-again-hat	"A photograph shows former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin wearing a ""Make Whites Great Again"" hat."	Is This Ex-Minn. Cop Derek Chauvin Wearing a ‘Make Whites Great Again’ Hat?
vclaim-sno-makeup-artists-atrocities	A video shows actors creating the appearance of injuries through makeup to deceive the public about reports of atrocities.	Does This Video Show Injuries Created with Makeup to Fool the Public About Atrocities?
vclaim-sno-making-a-federal-case	Federal regulations require states to upgrade all street name signs to use mixed case lettering.	Mixed Case Street Name Signs
vclaim-sno-making-cents	U.S. pennies now cost considerably more than one cent each to manufacture.	Making Cents
vclaim-sno-making-the-grade	Henry Kissinger was the last student to graduate from Harvard with perfect grades.	Henry Kissinger Perfect Grades
vclaim-sno-malabar-giant-squirrel	Photographs show a real animal called the Malabar giant squirrel.	Is the Malabar Giant Squirrel a Real Animal?
vclaim-sno-malawian-minister-beyonce	Vincent Ghambi, a Malawian defense minister, sent a sex tape to pop superstar Beyoncé Knowles.	Malawian Minister Sent Pornographic Video to Beyoncé?
vclaim-sno-malaysia-airlines-flight-17	Photograph shows debris scene of shot-down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17.	Photo of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17
vclaim-sno-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh370	Photographs show the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 floating in the ocean.	Do Photographs Show the Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight Floating in the Ocean?
vclaim-sno-malaysia-flight-mh370-video	Links posted on Facebook point to a video of the missing Malaysia Airlines	Malaysia MH370 Plane Found in Bermuda Triangle
vclaim-sno-malaysian-airliner-mh-17-video	Links posted on Facebook point to a leaked video of Malaysian Airlines	Missile Fired from Pro-Russian Militants to Malaysian Airliner MH-17
vclaim-sno-male-birth-control-study	Men abandoned a groundbreaking study on male birth control due to side effects such as mood changes, muscle pain, and acne.	Men Abandoned Male Birth Control Breakthrough Because of Side Effects?
vclaim-sno-male-birth-control-testing-stopped	Male birth control testing in India was stopped after men's testicles started exploding.	Was Male Birth Control Testing in India Stopped After Men’s Testicles Started Exploding?
vclaim-sno-male-rapist-transfer-womens-jail	Transgender prisoner Karen White (formerly Stephen Wood) of West Yorkshire, England, who confessed to committing multiple rapes as a man, sexually assaulted female inmates after being transferred to a women's jail.	Did a Male Rapist Who Identifies as Female Transfer to a Women’s Jail and Assault Female Inmates?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-anti-trump-website	Former first daughter Malia Obama founded a website intended to discredit President Donald Trump.	Did Malia Obama Found an Anti-Trump Website?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-arrested-again	"Malia Obama was arrested by campus security at Harvard for using a ""white, powdery substance"" in a women's restroom."	Was Malia Obama ‘Arrested Again’ Amid a Media Blackout?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-arrested-chicago	Malia Obama was arrested while attempting to purchase marijuana in Chicago.	Malia Obama Busted Buying 6 Pounds of Marijuana in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-busted-white-house	Malia Obama was arrested on suspicion of selling priceless White House trinkets she stole while living there.	No, Malia Obama Wasn’t Busted for Selling Priceless White House Trinkets
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-classmates-expelled	Malia Obama had 24 classmates expelled for praying on campus.	Did Malia Obama Cause 24 Classmates to Be Expelled for Praying on Campus?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-expelled-harvard	Malia Obama was expelled from Harvard for a drug violation.	Malia Obama Expelled from Harvard?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-fired-internship	Malia Obama was fired from an internship at the United States Embassy in Spain (not the Spanish Embassy) after being caught smoking pot on the job.	Was Malia Obama Fired from an Internship at the Spanish Embassy?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-food-stamp	Malia Obama was indicted on charges related to food stamp fraud.	Was Malia Obama Indicted for Food Stamp Fraud?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-harvard	In August 2017, Harvard University reversed its suspension of Malia Obama, after an intervention by Barack Obama.	Did Barack Obama Order Harvard to Reverse His Daughter Malia’s Suspension?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-highest-paid-heir-in-the-world	Presidential daughter Malia Obama was named the highest-paid heir in 2017.	Malia Obama Highest-Paid Heir in the World?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-in-mexico	Malia Obama traveled to Mexico in March 2012.	Malia Obama in Mexico
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-praise-trump	Former first daughter Malia Obama praised Trump's 'leadership and strength' during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Malia Obama Praise Trump’s ‘Leadership and Strength’?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-streaking-harvard	Malia Obama was arrested after being caught drinking while underage and running naked across the Harvard campus.	Was Malia Obama Busted While Streaking at Harvard?
vclaim-sno-malia-obama-white-people-blended-out	Former first daughter Malia Obama said white people will be 'blended out' of the population by the time she turns 30.	Did Malia Obama Say White People Will Be ‘Blended Out’?
vclaim-sno-malibu-fire-captioning	Television news coverage of the 2007 Malibu fire displayed risqué closed captioning.	Closed Captioning Faux Pas
vclaim-sno-malice-of-absence	The Fox News Channel will be shutting down for routine maintenance on 21 January 2013.	Fox News to Shut Down for Routine Maintenance?
vclaim-sno-malinda-borden-titanic-lifeboats	A photograph shows a black woman named Malinda Borden who was denied a spot in a lifeboat on the Titanic because she was black.	Did a Black Woman Named Malinda Borden Perish Because Titanic’s Lifeboats Were ‘Whites Only?’
vclaim-sno-mall-santa-beat-up-child-molester	"A man working as Santa Claus in a Wisconsin mall beat up a child molester after a child confided that her stepfather had been ""touching"" her."	Did a Mall Santa Beat Up a Child Molester?
vclaim-sno-mall-spat	Developers plan to build a super mall in the Grand Canyon.	Stop the Super Mall in the Grand Canyon!
vclaim-sno-mallory-owens	Photograph shows a woman named Mallory Owens who was severely beaten because she is a lesbian.	Mallory Owens Beating
vclaim-sno-mama-cass-pipe-voice	"Singer ""Mama"" Cass Elliot experienced an increase in her vocal range after she was hit in the head by a pipe."	Did Mama Cass’ Vocal Range Expand After She Was Hit on the Head by a Pipe?
vclaim-sno-man-arrested-finger-circle-officer	"A man was arrested for showing an officer an ""A-OK"" hand sign during a traffic stop in an attempt to get the officer to play the ""finger circle"" game."	Was a Man Arrested for Playing the ‘Finger Circle Game’ With Law Enforcement?
vclaim-sno-man-assaulting-woman-device	false	Man Loses Genitals While Assaulting Woman Thanks to ‘Anti-Rape Device’
vclaim-sno-man-carry-horse-snakebite	A man carried his horse for three miles after it was bitten by a venomous snake.	Did a Man Carry His Horse Three Miles After It Was Bitten by a Snake?
vclaim-sno-man-catch-phone-roller-coaster	A video shows a man catching a stranger's cellphone mid-air while riding on a roller coaster.	Did a Man Catch a Cellphone Mid-Air on a Roller Coaster?
vclaim-sno-man-charged-driving-influence-caffeine	A man was charged with a DUI for drinking too much caffeine.	Was a Man Charged with Driving Under the Influence of Caffeine?
vclaim-sno-man-choked-girl-bathroom-transgender	A man claiming to be transgender allegedly assaulted a young girl in a Chicago restroom.	Man Choked Girl in Bathroom Claiming Transgender Access Rights
vclaim-sno-man-commits-over-harriet-tubman	A man killed himself over the Treasury's decision to add an African-American abolitionist's portrait to the $20 bill.	Man Commits Suicide Over Harriet Tubman Replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 Bill
vclaim-sno-man-deletes-company-code	A man deleted his entire company with one line of code.	Man Deletes Entire Company with One Line of Code
vclaim-sno-man-deprived-of-senses	A man saw dead people and talked to God after he was deprived of his senses during a government experiment.	Man Sees Dead People, Speaks to God After Being Deprived of His Senses
vclaim-sno-man-dies-while-attached	A man who expired during sex was taken to the hospital to be surgically separated from the prostitute who was still attached to him.	Man Dies During Sex While Attached to Prostitute?
vclaim-sno-man-dressed-as-clown-shot	A man wearing a clown costume was shot in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Man Dressed as Clown Shot; Condition Critical
vclaim-sno-man-ejaculating-boss-coffee	A man was arrested after it was discovered he ejaculated into his boss' coffee on a daily basis for four years.	Was a Man Accused of Ejaculating in His Boss’ Coffee Daily for Four Years?
vclaim-sno-man-fake-being-deaf-dumb	"A Connecticut man faked being deaf and dumb for 62 years to avoid listening to his ""annoyingly chatty"" wife."	Did a Man Fake Being Deaf and Dumb for 62 Years to Avoid Listening to His Wife?
vclaim-sno-man-falling-down-stairs-video	A video shows a man surviving a tumble down a long flight of stairs, only to be hit by a car in the street.	Is This Video of a Man Falling Down a Flight of Stairs Real?
vclaim-sno-man-feeds-polar-bear-picture	A photograph shows a man hand-feeding a polar bear in Russia.	Is This a Photo of a Man Feeding a Polar Bear?
vclaim-sno-man-finds-weird-cave	"A viral slideshow accurately reported a story about a man who found a ""weird cave,"" entered, and dropped to his knees."	‘Man Finds Weird Cave’ With Gold Mine in Your Town?
vclaim-sno-man-fired-stop-kidnapping	An Oregon man was fired from his job at Home Depot after helping police stop a kidnapping.	Was a Home Depot Employee Fired for Helping Police Stop a Kidnapping?
vclaim-sno-man-found-alive-bear-kept-food	A video shows a man named Alexander who was found alive after a bear broke his spine and kept him as food.	Was a Man Found Alive After Bear Broke His Spine, Kept Him as Food?
vclaim-sno-man-found-decapitated-castrated-behind-walmart-store	A man was found decapitated and castrated behind a Walmart store.	Man Found Decapitated and Castrated Behind Walmart Store
vclaim-sno-man-from-taured-parallel-universe	A man from another dimension bearing a passport from the nonexistent country of Taured showed up at a Japanese airport in the 1950s and then mysteriously vanished.	The Mystery of the Man from Taured
vclaim-sno-man-gets-prison-sentence-for-collecting-rainwater-on-his-own-property	An Oregon man was jailed for collecting rainwater on his own property.	Did an Oregon Man Get a Prison Sentence for Collecting Rainwater on His Own Property?
vclaim-sno-man-head-stuck-wife	A hapless man somehow got his head stuck in his wife's vagina during sex, resulting in the couple's hospitalization.	Was a Couple Hospitalized After a Man Got His Head Stuck in His Wife’s Vagina?
vclaim-sno-man-hiding-bed-photo	A man divorced his wife after he examined a photograph of her and spotted a man hiding under her bed.	‘Man Hiding Under Bed’ Photo
vclaim-sno-man-hit-by-raft	A video shows a shopper being struck by an inflatable raft inside a department store.	Man Hit by Inflatable Raft in Department Store
vclaim-sno-man-jumped-in-bird-box-stunt	"Anthony Hanes was mugged in a ""drug dealing neighborhood"" while doing an online challenge inspired by the movie ""Bird Box."""	Did a Man Performing the ‘Bird Box Challenge’ Get Jumped and Mugged?
vclaim-sno-man-kicked-buffet-sues	An obese man is suing Golden Corral because he was kicked out after spending seven hours at their buffet.	Was a Man Kicked Out of Golden Corral After Eating More Than 50 Lbs. of Food?
vclaim-sno-man-killed-saguaro-cactus	A damaged saguaro cactus fell onto the man who had harmed it and killed him.	Death by Saguaro
vclaim-sno-man-killed-trump-immigration	Sean Buchanan criticized President Donald Trump's immigration policies, before dying in a car crash caused by an undocumented immigrant.	Did an Undocumented Immigrant Kill a Man Who Criticized Trump’s Immigration Policies?
vclaim-sno-man-lands-plane-on-nyc-street	"Thomas Fitzpatrick ""borrowed"" a plane and landed it on a New York street in 1956 on a bar bet and then again two years later."	Did a Man Twice Land a Plane on a New York Street on a Bar Bet?
vclaim-sno-man-lock-daughter-cage-snapchat	"A man locked his daughter in a cage because she used Snapchat's ""dog filter"" too frequently."	Did a Man Lock His Daughter in a Cage for Overusing a Snapchat Filter?
vclaim-sno-man-loses-testicles-while-trying-to-fill-scuba-tank-with-weed-smoke	A man lost his testicles while attempting to fill a scuba tank with marijuana smoke.	Man Loses Testicles While Trying to ‘Fill Scuba Tank with Weed Smoke’
vclaim-sno-man-miraculously-saved-baby-train-tracks	A video shows a man narrowly rescuing a baby from getting hit by an oncoming train.	Does This Video Capture a Man Miraculously Saving a Baby from Train Tracks?
vclaim-sno-man-mowed-lawn-tornado	A photograph shows a man mowing his lawn during a tornado.	Man Mowed Lawn During Tornado?
vclaim-sno-man-of-the-tablecloth	A man having dinner with his fiancée’s parents zips the edge of the tablecloth into his pants by mistake.	Tablecloth Zipped into Pants
vclaim-sno-man-over-clapboard	A roofer who foolishly ties his safety rope to the bumper of his wife’s car is dragged off the roof and down the street.	Dragged Roofer
vclaim-sno-man-pardoned-by-obama-arrested-murder	A Florida drug trafficker pardoned by President Obama was re-arrested three months later for the murder of his girlfriend.	Man Pardoned by Obama Arrested for Murder?
vclaim-sno-man-pics-in-womens-bathroom	Due to new laws and policies allowing transgender people to use the bathroom that matches their gender identity, a Pennsylvania man snuck into a women's restroom and took photographs of a young girl.	Man Takes Photographs in Women’s Bathroom Because of New Laws?
vclaim-sno-man-punches-kangaroo-save-dog	A viral video shows a man punching a kangaroo in the face to save his dog.	Man Punches Kangaroo to Save Dog
vclaim-sno-man-really-look-like-mountain	A photograph shows a man on a beach near a mountain that resembles his outline.	Man Looks Like Mountain?
vclaim-sno-man-robs-michael-jordan	Michael Jordan was robbed of his shoes at gunpoint during an in-store sneaker signing appearance.	Man Robs Michael Jordan
vclaim-sno-man-sentenced-22-years-remote	A man was sentenced to 22 years in prison for stealing a remote control.	Was a Man Sentenced to 22 Years in Prison Just for Stealing a TV Remote?
vclaim-sno-man-spit-marine	A man spat at a young Marine holding the door open for him because the American people no longer support the military.	Ezekiel Dingle Controversy
vclaim-sno-man-stops-to-catch-pikachu	A man absorbed in playing the new Pokemon Go app caused a major traffic accident.	Major Highway Accident After Man Stops in Middle of Highway to Catch Pikachu!
vclaim-sno-man-sue-mcdonalds-depressed-eating-happy-meal	A man sued McDonald's because he was still depressed after eating a Happy Meal.	Did a Man Sue McDonald’s Because He Was Depressed After Eating a Happy Meal?
vclaim-sno-man-sues-dyson-partially-emasculated	A Boston man sued appliance manufacturer Dyson Ltd. for $2.3 million after being partially emasculated by a vacuum cleaner.	Did a Man Sue Dyson After Being Partially Emasculated by a Vacuum Cleaner?
vclaim-sno-man-sues-wife-ugly-children	A man in China has sued his wife for bearing him ugly children.	Did a Man Sue His Wife Over Ugly Children?
vclaim-sno-man-wakes-up-3-day-coma	A man collapsed into a coma for three days after discovering his wife owned the property they had been renting for 10 years.	Did a Man Fall into Coma After Discovering Wife Owned House They Rented?
vclaim-sno-man-walking-runway-girls	A photograph shows a nude man walking the runway with a group of young girls.	Does This Photograph Show a Nude Man Walking the Runway with a Group of Young Girls?
vclaim-sno-man-without-a-face	"Mel Gibson was the inspiration for the film ""The Man Without a Face."""	The Man Without a Face
vclaim-sno-manafort-ties-to-russia	The FBI announced an inquiry into Russian ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.	FBI Announces Inquiry Into Trump Campaign Ties to Russia?
vclaim-sno-manar-maged	Photographs show an infant Egyptian girl with a second head.	Do These Photographs Show a Girl with a Second Head?
vclaim-sno-manatee-farts	Manatees regulate their in-water buoyancy through flatulence.	Do Manatees Control Their Buoyancy by Farting?
vclaim-sno-manatees-mermaids-columbus	Evidence exists that some early seafarers and colonial explorers may have mistaken manatees for the mythical half-fish, half-human creatures known as mermaids.	Myths, Manatees, and Mermaids in the Age of Exploration
vclaim-sno-manchester-attack-false-flag	The suicide bombing attack at the Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England was a hoax.	Was the Manchester Terror Attack a ‘False Flag’?
vclaim-sno-mandalay-bay-guard-clinton-foundation	Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos worked in the Clinton Foundation's Las Vegas office before the mass shooting.	Was the Mandalay Bay Security Guard on the Clinton Foundation Payroll?
vclaim-sno-mandalay-bay-suing-mass-shooting-victims	Mandalay Bay, the Las Vegas hotel from which a gunman opened fire on a concert crowd of 20,000, filed lawsuits against mass shooting victims.	Is the Mandalay Bay Hotel in Las Vegas Suing Mass Shooting Victims?
vclaim-sno-mandatory-covid-vaccination	COVID-19 vaccinations, which have already killed several youngsters, will be required before children will be allowed to return to school.	Is This Meme About Mandatory COVID-19 Vaccinations Accurate?
vclaim-sno-manipulated-photograph-of-bill-clinton-crowd	Hillary Clinton's campaign manipulated a photograph to increase the crowd size at one of Bill Clinton's appearances.	Manipulated Photograph of Bill Clinton Crowd
vclaim-sno-mann-packaged-vegetable-recall	Packaged vegetables from Mann Packing are being recalled due to concerns about listeria.	Does a Nationwide Listeria Outbreak Affect Vegetables from Walmart, Safeway, and Trader Joe’s?
vclaim-sno-mantle-piece	"Mickey Mantle sent a crude response when Yankees publicity officials asked him to describe his ""outstanding event"" at Yankee Stadium."	Mickey Mantle’s Outstanding Event
vclaim-sno-manure-dumped-ohio-headquarters	A photograph shows a pile of manure outside of Democratic Headquarters in Warren County, Ohio, in November 2018.	Was Manure Dumped Outside of Democratic Headquarters in Ohio?
vclaim-sno-many-unhappy-returns	Best Buy’s U.S. stores charge a 15% restocking fee on returns of some non-defective merchandise.	Best Buy Restock Fee
vclaim-sno-maps-pride-flag	MAPs (Minor Attracted Persons) created a pride flag	Does This Image Represent a ‘MAPs Pride Flag’?
vclaim-sno-mar-a-lago-neighbors-legal-action	In December 2020, an attorney for the neighbors of U.S. President Donald Trump's private club, Mar-a-Lago, sent a letter to the town of Palm Beach requesting that officials stop him from moving permanently into the club.	Are Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Neighbors Trying To Stop Him From Permanently Moving There?
vclaim-sno-marauding-minks	6,500 minks set free by animal rights activists rampaged through the British countryside.	Freed Mink Rampage
vclaim-sno-marbled-fuark	A rare 'marbled fuark' was captured on camera in Eastern Cambodia.	Is This a Photograph of a Rare Marbled Fuark?
vclaim-sno-marcel-marceau-saved-children-nazis	The world-famous mime artist Marcel Marceau worked with the French underground as a teenager and help save many Jewish children from death at the hands of the Nazis during World War II.	Did Marcel Marceau Save Hundreds of Jewish Children From Nazis?
vclaim-sno-march-2020-school-shooting	March 2020 was the first March without a school shooting in the U.S. since 2002.	Was March 2020 the First March Since 2002 Without a US School Shooting?
vclaim-sno-march-for-our-lives-permit	"The permit for the ""March for Our Lives"" rally was submitted several months before the Valentine's Day school shooting."	Was the ‘March for Our Lives’ Permit Application Made Months Before the Parkland Shooting?
vclaim-sno-marching-orders	Prediction foretells calamitous results springing from the outcome of a presidential election.	Marching Orders
vclaim-sno-marco-faux-lo	Marco Polo said: “The militant Muslim is the person who beheads the infidel, while the moderate Muslim holds the feet of the victim.”	Marco Polo on Muslims
vclaim-sno-marco-rubio-on-zika-and-abortion	Marco Rubio described Zika-linked birth defects as God's punishment of a mother, and abortion as an unacceptable evasion of that judgment.	Marco Rubio on Zika and Abortion?
vclaim-sno-marco-rubio-said-felons-get-guns-back-not-voting-rights	Senator Marco Rubio said both that felons should not be allowed to vote and that they should be allowed to own guns.	Does Marco Rubio Want to Give Felons Right to Own Guns, But Not to Vote?
vclaim-sno-mardi-gras-canceled-covid19	Mardi Gras parades were canceled in 2021 to limit the spread of COVID-19. Instead, some people decorated their houses like parade floats in a trend that some called “Yardi Gras.”	Did ‘Yardi Gras’ Replace Mardi Gras Parades in New Orleans?
vclaim-sno-margaret-keenan-covid-vaccine	Margaret Keenan, the first recipient of the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine in December 2020, was featured in a news report two months earlier, providing evidence of wrongdoing or deception.	Did First COVID-19 Vaccine Recipient Suspiciously Appear in News Report Months Earlier?
vclaim-sno-margaret-sanger-kkk	A photograph documents Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger speaking to women of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK).	Does a Photograph Show Planned Parenthood’s Founder at a KKK Rally?
vclaim-sno-margaret-sanger-weeds	"Margaret Sanger said ""Slavs, Latin and Hebrew immigrants are human weeds""  in need of eradication."	Did Margaret Sanger Decry Slavs and Jews as ‘Human Weeds’?
vclaim-sno-maria-raped-child	Dell Hospital will donate 15 cents towards the care of Maria, a raped child, every time a particular text message is forwarded.	False Message Promises Donations for the Care of a Raped Child Named Maria
vclaim-sno-mariah-carey-dead-kennedys-antifa	"Mariah Carey recorded a cover of Dead Kennedys song ""Nazi Punks Fuck Off,"" with proceeds going to support Antifa."	Did Mariah Carey Cover a Dead Kennedys Song to Support Antifa?
vclaim-sno-marian-robinson-pension	Marian Robinson, First Lady Michelle Obama's mother, will receive a lifetime pension of $160,000 per year from the U.S. government.	Does Michelle Obama’s Mother Receive a Lifetime $160K/Year Government Pension?
vclaim-sno-marie-yovanovitch-net-worth	Former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch has a net worth of $17 million.	Does Marie Yovanovitch Have a Net Worth of $17 Million?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-alien-dna	NASA has confirmed that marijuana contains “alien DNA” from outside of our solar system.	Does Marijuana Contain “Alien DNA” from Outside Our Solar System?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-censer-arrest	Two altar boys in Spain were arrested for putting marijuana in a censer.	Were Two Altar Boys Arrested for Putting Marijuana in a Cathedral’s Censer?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-electron-microscope	A photograph shows a cannabis bud under a scanning electron microscope.	Is This a Pic of Marijuana Under a Scanning Electron Microscope?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-flytrap-crossbreed	A video shows a new species of plant created by crossbreeding marijuana with a Venus flytrap.	Did Growers in Colorado Crossbreed Marijuana with a Venus Flytrap?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-grower-hiding-law-enforcement	A video shows a marijuana grower hiding from law enforcement officers in a corner.	Is This a Marijuana Grower Hiding From Law Enforcement?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-legalization-violent-crime	There is a demonstrable link between marijuana legalization and an increase in violent crime.	Is Marijuana Legalization Linked to Increased Violent Crime?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-legalized-texas	The state of Texas has legalized recreational use of marijuana.	Marijuana Legalized in Texas?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-responsible-colorado-crime-increase	Marijuana legalization has led to an increase in crime and fatalities all over Colorado.	Is Marijuana Responsible for Colorado Crime Increase?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-screaming-vomiting-aka-scromitting	"An increase in documented cases of people ""scromiting"" (screaming while vomiting) is linked to chronic heavy marijuana use."	Can Marijuana Use Lead to Simultaneous Screaming and Vomiting?
vclaim-sno-marijuana-strawberry-cross	A student at the University of Miami created a hybrid marijuana-strawberry plant.	Did a Biology Student Cross a Marijuana Plant with Strawberries?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-cat-photograph	An image showing Marilyn Monroe with a cat is a genuine photograph.	Is This Marilyn Monroe Posing With a Cat?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-ella-fitzgerald	The Mocambo night club in Los Angeles refused to book Ella Fitzgerald due to her race but was eventually persuaded to do so by actress Marilyn Monroe.	Did Marilyn Monroe Help Ella Fitzgerald Book Mocambo Gig?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-iq	Marilyn Monroe's intelligence quotient was measured at 168.	Did Marilyn Monroe Have an IQ of 168?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-liz-taylor	A photograph shows Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor leaning against a tree.	Did Marilyn Monroe and Elizabeth Taylor Pose Together?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-size	Marilyn Monroe wore a size 16 dress.	Did Marilyn Monroe Wear a Size 16 Dress?
vclaim-sno-marilyn-monroe-toes	Marilyn Monroe had six toes on each foot.	Did Marilyn Monroe Have Six Toes?
vclaim-sno-marine-attack-blm-claim	Marine vet Christopher Marquez was assaulted at a Washington, D.C., McDonald's retaurant by Black Lives Matter activists.	Marine Assaulted at McDonald’s by Black Lives Matter Activists?
vclaim-sno-marine-axed-trump-rally	A young Marine was discharged after footage of his involvement in a racially charged altercation at a Donald Trump rally surfaced.	Marine Axed after Trump Rally Incident
vclaim-sno-marine-banned	mixture	Maryland School Bans Marine Veteran Over Daughter’s Homework
vclaim-sno-marine-corps-dog-adoptions	Hundreds of decommissioned  bomb-sniffing Marine Corps dogs are in need of adoption by the public.	Marine Corps Dog Adoptions
vclaim-sno-marine-layer	A shoplifter who stabbed a Marine collecting Toys for Tots was then whomped by other Marines.	Marine Stabbed by Shoplifter?
vclaim-sno-marine-life	A farm kid's humorous letter home describes life as a Marine.	Marine’s Letter Home
vclaim-sno-marine-player	Actor Don Knotts once served as a drill instructor for the U.S. Marine Corps.	Don Knotts — Marine Drill Instructor?
vclaim-sno-marine-suicide	A Marine tasked with holding an umbrella during a rainy presidential news conference committed suicide.	Marine Suicide
vclaim-sno-marine-wedding	A photograph shows the wedding of a U.S. Marine disfigured by combat wounds.	Is This a Severely Wounded Marine’s Wedding Photograph?
vclaim-sno-marine-white-house-detail	Thousands of Marines applied for White House detail after Trump became president, and none applied during President Obama's 8 years in office.	Did Thousands of Marines Apply for White House Detail After Trump Became President?
vclaim-sno-marines-corps-rebuke-pelosi	Gen. David H. Berger, commandant of the U.S. Marines, refused U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s request to use the Marines as security for President-elect Joe Biden’s inauguration on Jan. 20, 2021, saying, “We don’t work for you!” and adding that the Marines only take orders from President Donald Trump.	Did Marine Corps Tell Pelosi, ‘We Don’t Work For You’?
vclaim-sno-marines-letter-michelle-obama	After being challenged by Michelle Obama, a former Marine wrote the First Lady a scathing letter.	Former Marine’s Letter to Michelle Obama
vclaim-sno-marisa-tomei-awarded-oscar-mistake	Marisa Tomei was awarded the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1993 because Oscar presenter Jack Palance read the wrong name by mistake.	Was Marisa Tomei Awarded an Oscar by Mistake?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-greene-armed-high-school	"While U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene was in high school, one of her fellow students held hostages at gunpoint, giving her firsthand experience of ""the fear"" associated with gun violence."	Did an Armed Student Take Hostages at Marjorie Taylor Greene’s High School?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-greene-jesus-english	"U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene said ""If English was good enough for Jesus, it’s good enough for us."""	Did Rep. Greene Say ‘If English Was Good Enough for Jesus, It’s Good Enough for Us’?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-guam	In February 2021, U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene referred to Guam, a U.S. territory, as a foreign country.	Did Marjorie Taylor Greene Refer to Guam as a Foreign Country?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-husband	U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene's husband is a familiar celebrity and appeared in an article on Definition.org.	Is Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Husband a ‘Familiar’ Celebrity?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-parkland	U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene once followed and shouted at Parkland mass shooting survivor and gun control activist David Hogg.	Did Marjorie Taylor Greene Confront a Parkland Shooting Survivor and Call Him a ‘Coward’?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-the-squad	"U.S. Congressional candidate Marjorie Taylor Greene shared an image of herself posing with a gun in front of an image of ""The Squad"" on Facebook."	Did Marjorie Taylor Greene Pose With a Gun in Front of an Image of ‘The Squad’?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-voter	On March 2, 2021, U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene called the practice of going through metal detectors in the U.S. House a form of voter suppression.	Did Marjorie Taylor Greene Call Capitol Metal Detectors a Form of ‘Voter Suppression’?
vclaim-sno-marjorie-taylor-greene-witchcraft	U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene is pushing an anti-witchcraft bill that would create a Department of Anti-Witchcraft (DAW).	Is Marjorie Taylor Greene Pushing an Anti-Witchcraft Law?
vclaim-sno-marjory-stoneman-douglas-quote-on-activism	"Marjory Stoneman Douglas encouraged activists to ""be a nuisance"" and to ""never give up"" even if discouraged by bad politics."	Marjory Stoneman Douglas Quote About Activism?
vclaim-sno-mark-cole-controversy	A Virginia lawmaker proposed a bill that mandates on-site physical examinations of children's genitals to determine which gendered bathroom they're authorized to use.	Virginia GOP Bill Would Require Schools to Verify Children’s Genitals Before Using the Restroom?
vclaim-sno-mark-cuban-millennials-quote	"Mark Cuban said that Millennials will probably vote for a Democrat in 2016, ""because they fact-check everything."""	Mark Cuban Said Fact-Checking Millennials Will Vote for Democrats?
vclaim-sno-mark-kelly-space-force	Astronaut Mark Kelly said President Trump's proposed 'Space Force' military branch was a dumb idea.	Did Astronaut Mark Kelly Say the ‘Space Force’ Was a ‘Dumb Idea?’
vclaim-sno-mark-mccloskey-donate-democrats	Federal Election Commission records show that St. Louis attorney Mark McCloskey repeatedly donated to Democratic causes.	Did Mark McCloskey Donate to Democrats?
vclaim-sno-mark-twain-obituary-pleasure	"Author Mark Twain once said: ""I have never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure."""	Did Mark Twain Say ‘I Have Read Some Obituaries With Great Pleasure’?
vclaim-sno-mark-twain-quote-fear-media	"Mark Twain said, ""Do not fear the enemy, for your enemy can only take your life. It is far better that you fear the media, for they will steal your HONOR."""	Did Mark Twain Say ‘Fear the Media, for They Will Steal Your Honor’?
vclaim-sno-mark-twain-voting-quote	"Mark Twain once said that ""If voting made a difference, they wouldn't let us do it. """	‘If Voting Made a Difference, They Wouldn’t Let Us Do It’
vclaim-sno-mark-zuckerberg-closing-facebook	Mark Zuckerberg announced in a video that he was shutting down Facebook.	Did Mark Zuckerberg Announce That He’s Closing Facebook?
vclaim-sno-mark-zuckerberg-is-david-rockefellers-grandson	Mark Zuckerberg's real name is Jacob Michael Greenberg and he is the grandson of billionaire David Rockefeller.	Is Mark Zuckerberg David Rockefeller’s Grandson?
vclaim-sno-mark-zuckerberg-resignation	"Mark Zuckerberg said that he was ""disgusted with social media"" and that he was leaving Facebook as a result."	Did Mark Zuckerberg Announce His Resignation from Facebook?
vclaim-sno-marla-maples-plane-crash	President Trump's second wife, Marla Maples, died in a plane crash in April 2017.	Did Marla Maples Die in a Plane Crash?
vclaim-sno-marlboro-cigarettes-production	In January 2019, the company that makes Marlboros announced their intention to stop producing cigarettes altogether.	Did the Company That Makes Marlboros Announce They Intend to Stop Producing Cigarettes?
vclaim-sno-marlboro-giving-away-free-cigarettes	Marlboro is giving away a limited number of free cartons to Facebook users who like and share a post.	Is Marlboro Giving Away Cartons of Cigarettes on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-marlboro-manslaughter	The actor who portrayed the “Marlboro Man” in print and television cigarette advertisements died of lung cancer.	The Marlboro Man Died of Lung Cancer?
vclaim-sno-marlboro-marijuana-cigarettes	Phillip Morris has announced the introduction of Marlboro M brand marijuana cigarettes.	Has Phillip Morris Introduced ‘Marlboro M’ Marijuana Cigarettes?
vclaim-sno-marley-lion	Graphic compares the shooting deaths of Trayvon Martin and Marley Lion.	Marley Lion
vclaim-sno-marmite-cures-premature-ejaculation	New research suggests that Marmite helps combat premature ejaculation.	Marmite Cures Premature Ejaculation?
vclaim-sno-maroon-5-super-bowl	Maroon 5 donated their entire 2019 Super Bowl halftime show performance earnings to charity.	Did Maroon 5 Donate Their Super Bowl Halftime Show Earnings to Charity?
vclaim-sno-marrow-escape	Photographs show people in Thailand carving up and consuming a human body.	Thai ‘Cannibalism’ Photographs
vclaim-sno-mars-real-audio	NASA shared a 26-second video featuring audio recorded on the surface of Mars by the space agency's Perseverance Rover on Feb. 19, 2021.	Is This Real Audio From Mars?
vclaim-sno-mars-spectacular	The planet Mars will make a once-in-our-lifetimes, remarkably close approach to Earth on August 27.	Is a ‘Mars Spectacular’ Coming Soon?
vclaim-sno-martha-raye	Actress Martha Raye entertained troops and tended to wounded soldiers in the field in Vietnam.	Martha Raye in Vietnam
vclaim-sno-martha-stewart-pardon-tweet	Martha Stewart said she'd refuse to accept a pardon from President Donald Trump.	Did Martha Stewart Say She’d Refuse to Accept a Pardon from President Trump?
vclaim-sno-martha-stewart-snub	Martha Stewart is refused the use of a telephone, only to discover greater celebrities are also denied access to it.	Martha Stewart Snub
vclaim-sno-martial-law-after-christmas	U.S. military generals sent a direct message to Americans, stating they would invoke martial law after Christmas 2020.	No, Military Generals Didn’t Announce Imposing Martial Law After Christmas
vclaim-sno-martian-sunset-spirit	An image shows a genuine sunset from the surface of Mars.	Is This a Photo of a Martian Sunset?
vclaim-sno-martin-lawrence-death-hoax	Comedian Martin Lawrence was found dead in a hotel room.	Martin Lawrence Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-martin-luther-king-stamp	"The United States Postal Service's new ""I Have a Dream"" stamp honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. will be discontinued and recalled if not enough postal customers purchase them."	Martin Luther King Stamp
vclaim-sno-martin-shkreli-shot-dead	Contoversial pharmaceuticals trader Martin Shkreli was shot and killed.	Martin Shkreli Shot Dead?
vclaim-sno-martyrs-fake-death-video	Palestinians were caught faking the deaths of several martyrs when one of the 'corpses' was filmed moving.	Were Palestinian Martyrs Caught on Video Faking Their Deaths?
vclaim-sno-mary-miller-hitler	"Rep. Mary Miller said ""Hitler was right on one thing"" before a mob of Trump supporters stormed the nation's Capitol on Jan. 6, 2020.."	Did Republican Rep. Mary Miller Invoke Hitler Before Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-mary-poppins-racist	"Dr. Daniel Pollack-Pelzner, a professor of English literature at Linfield College, wrote an opinion column published in January 2019, in which he described elements of the 1964 film ""Mary Poppins"" as racist."	Did a College Professor Label the Film ‘Mary Poppins’ Racist?
vclaim-sno-mary-trump-book	Mary Trump's tell-all book describes her walking in on her uncle Donald in bed with his daughter Ivanka.	Did Mary Trump’s Book Describe Finding Her Uncle in Bed with His Daughter?
vclaim-sno-maryland-billboard-guns-trump-impeachment	"A sign in Calvert County, Maryland was erected in May 2018, warning ""liberals"" to arm themselves in the event of attempts to impeach President Donald Trump."	Did Maryland ‘Deplorables’ Erect a Billboard Warning About Attempts to Impeach Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-maryland-refusing-electoral-college	Maryland's electors ignored the statewide vote and gave the presidency to Hillary Clinton.	Maryland Refusing Electoral College, Hillary Given Presidency As More States Follow?
vclaim-sno-masai-cows-911-donate	The Masai Tribe donated 14 cows to the United States after 9/11.	Did Masai Tribespeople Donate 14 Cows to the United States After 9/11?
vclaim-sno-masks-dangerous-health	Prolonged use of COVID-19-related face masks cause health problems due to breathing in too much exhaled carbon dioxide.	Is It Dangerous to Wear a COVID-19 Protective Mask for Too Long?
vclaim-sno-mass-grave-kkk-estate	The bodies of dozens of black men were found on the estate of a former Ku Klux Klan member.	Mass Grave of Dozens of Tortured Black Men Found in Deceased KKK Leader’s Estate?
vclaim-sno-mass-graves-covid-19-deaths	Images show mass graves being dug in New York to bury victims of the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic in 2020.	Are ‘Mass Graves’ Being Dug for COVID-19 Deaths?
vclaim-sno-mass-graves-italy-coronavirus	A video shows mass graves in Italy as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Does This Video Show Mass Graves in Italy?
vclaim-sno-mass-shooter-shooting-mugshots	A widely shared meme in August 2019 showed the faces of known mass-shooting suspects in the U.S. in 2019.	Does a Meme Show the Faces of Suspected Mass Shooters in U.S. in 2019?
vclaim-sno-mass-shooters-fatherless-us	Twenty-six of the deadliest 27 mass shooters in the U.S. came from fatherless homes.	Did 26 of the 27 Deadliest Mass Shooters Come from Fatherless Homes?
vclaim-sno-mass-shootings-in-2018	Of the 154 mass shootings recorded in the U.S. in 2018 through 28 June, none of them were perpetrated by black men, undocumented immigrants, or women.	Were None of 154 Mass Shootings in 2018 Committed by a Black Man, Illegal Alien, or Woman?
vclaim-sno-mass-shootings-obama	Vastly more mass shootings have taken place during President Obama's administration than that of any other recent President.	Did More Mass Shootings Take Place Under Obama Than Any Other President?
vclaim-sno-mass-transit	Photographs show a mass migration of rays in the Gulf of Mexico.	Mass Migration of Cownose Rays
vclaim-sno-massachusetts-banned-semi-automatic-rifles	In July 2016, Massachusetts implemented a new ban on the sale of all semi-automatic rifles.	Massachusetts Just Banned the Sale of All Semi-Automatic Rifles
vclaim-sno-massachusetts-run-from-police	A Massachusetts judge passed a law making it legal for black men to run from police because they are at risk of being racially profiled.	Massachusetts Passes Law Allowing Black Men to Run from Police Due to Racial Profiling?
vclaim-sno-massachussetts-gun-laws-deaths	Massachusetts has certain strict gun-ownership requirements and the lowest rate of gun deaths in the United States.	Does Massachusetts Have Strict Gun-Ownership Requirements, Low Firearm-Death Rates?
vclaim-sno-math-homework-sexual-assault	A teacher assigned math homework that included references to sexual assault and prostitution.	Did a Pennsylvania Teacher Assign Math Homework That Referred to Sexual Assault?
vclaim-sno-math-test	Teachers have gotten into trouble over using 'The L.A. Math Test,' a piece of online humor, in the classroom.	The L.A. Math Test
vclaim-sno-matt-gaetz-mug-shot	A meme showing a mug shot of U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz suggests that the congressman has had “seven DUIs” and is responsible for the “suspicious” death of his college roommate.	Matt Gaetz Mug Shot Memes
vclaim-sno-matt-putz	"New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy called Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz the name ""Matt Putz"" and a ""fool."""	Did NJ Gov. Call Rep. Matt Gaetz ‘Matt Putz’?
vclaim-sno-matthew-mcconaughey-come-out	"Mathew McConaughey ""came out of the closet"" during an interview with a magazine."	Did Matthew McConaughey ‘Come Out of the Closet’?
vclaim-sno-matthew-mcconaughey-endorsed-donald-trump	Actor Matthew McConaughey made a video endorsing Donald Trump.	Did Matthew McConaughey Endorse Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-matthew-mcconaughunt	Actor Matthew McConaughey co-owns a cattle ranch in Texas that offers canned deer hunts.	Matthew McConaughey Owns a Canned Hunting Ranch in Texas?
vclaim-sno-matthew-whitaker-judges	Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker said that Muslims, Jews, and atheists shouldn't be judges.	Did Matthew Whitaker Say That Muslims, Jews, and Atheists Shouldn’t Be Judges?
vclaim-sno-maureen-dowd-election-therapy	"New York Times columnist hailed the election of Donald Trump as a ""complete repudiation of Barack Obama."""	Maureen Dowd’s ‘Election Therapy’ Column
vclaim-sno-maureen-walsh-nurses-cards	"Washington state Sen. Maureen Walsh said nurses ""play cards for a considerable amount of the day."""	Did Washington State Sen. Maureen Walsh Say Nurses ‘Play Cards’ for a Large Part of Their Working Day?
vclaim-sno-maximum-capacity-bridge-americans	A sign on a suspension bridge in Costa Rica warns that the structure can hold ten people but only three Americans.	Does This Photograph Show a Suspension Bridge Warning Sign?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-climate-change-tide-receding-photo	Maxine Waters used a picture of the tide receding as proof of climate change.	Did Maxine Waters Use a Picture of the Tide Receding as Proof of Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-congressional-meetings	Maxine Waters attended only ten percent of Congressional meetings in more than three decades holding office.	Maxine Waters Has Shown Up to Only a Tenth of Congressional Meetings for 35 Years?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-ethics-charges	Rep. Maxine Waters is facing ethics violations charges for improperly setting up a meeting between officials from the Treasury and OneUnited bank.	Is Rep. Maxine Waters Facing Ethics Violations Charges?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-guncontrolnow-tweet	Congresswoman Maxine Waters tweeted that there was no reason for anyone to own a gun because she has an armed security detail.	Is This Maxine Waters #GunControlNow Tweet Real?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-illegal-immigrant-supreme-court	"Congresswoman Maxine Waters called for the next U.S. Supreme Court Justice to be an ""illegal immigrant."""	Did Maxine Waters Call for an ‘Illegal Immigrant’ to Be the Next Supreme Court Justice?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-london-attack-climate-healthcare	"Representative Maxine Waters said Muslims were being ""pushed"" into terrorism by ""inaction"" on climate change and healthcare."	Did Maxine Waters Blame the London Attack on Climate and Healthcare ‘Inaction’?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-north-korea	Maxine Waters said she fears that Donald Trump would lead the United States into a war, if North Korea launched a nuclear attack.	Maxine Waters Fears a Trump-led War After Nuclear Attack by North Korea?
vclaim-sno-maxine-waters-subpoena-trump	If Democrats gain a majority in the House of Representatives,  Maxine Waters could become chair of a committee that has the power to subpoena President Trump’s bank records.	Could Maxine Waters Subpoena Trump’s Bank Records If Democrats Take the House?
vclaim-sno-may-day-protests-kiss	A photograph captures a couple kissing amidst the 1971 May Day protests.	Does This Photograph Show a Couple Kissing During the 1971 May Day Protests?
vclaim-sno-maya-angelou-assaulted-chlid	Maya Angelou was raped when she was a child, and after the man responsible was found dead, she refused to speak for nearly 5 years.	Was Maya Angelou Sexually Assaulted as a Child?
vclaim-sno-maya-bee-scene	A crude sketch of a phallus could be seen on the inside of a log during an episode of Maya the Bee.	Scene from ‘Maya the Bee’ Features a Phallic Image?
vclaim-sno-mayhem-eggsacted	Robbers are flinging eggs at cars to impair drivers’ vision and force them to stop.	Robbers Throwing Eggs at Cars
vclaim-sno-mayo-clinic-warns-of-pandemic	Article reveals the Mayo Clinic’s expectations for a swine flu pandemic.	Mayo Clinic Warns of Swine Flu Pandemic
vclaim-sno-mayor-heart-in-a-box	The heart belonging to a 19th-century Belgian mayor was found entombed in a fountain named after him.	Was the Heart of a Belgian Mayor Found in a Fountain?
vclaim-sno-mayor-storage-unit-fbi	The FBI found $4 million in cash and two bodies in a storage unit belonging to the Democratic mayor of a Missouri town.	Were $4 Million and Two Dead Bodies Found in a Democratic Mayor’s Storage Unit?
vclaim-sno-mayweather-report	An official scorecard from the Mayweather-Pacquiao prizefight documents that the real outcome was reversed.	Mayweather-Pacquiao Fight Was Reversed?
vclaim-sno-mazel-tov-mock-tale	Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker cluelessly signed off with “molotov” instead of “mazel tov” in a letter to a Jewish constituent.	Scott Walker Tells Jewish Voters ‘Molotov’?
vclaim-sno-mccain-bin-laden-photo	A photograph shows senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham posing with Osama bin Laden.	Does This Photograph Show John McCain with Osama bin Laden?
vclaim-sno-mccain-campaign-contributions-russian-government	John McCain solicited campaign contributions from Russia.	Did John McCain Solicit a Campaign Contribution from the Russian Government?
vclaim-sno-mccain-carried-air-force-two	"Senator John McCain's remains were carried to Washington, D.C., on a Boeing C-32A airplane commonly used as ""Air Force Two."""	Was John McCain’s Body Carried to Washington on Air Force Two?
vclaim-sno-mccain-waters-russian-pranksters	Senator John McCain and Rep. Maxine Waters fell for prank phone calls by Russian hackers.	Were John McCain and Maxine Waters Fooled by Russian Pranksters?
vclaim-sno-mccains-vote-obamacare-repeal	"Sen. John McCain's vote against a ""skinny repeal' health care proposal stopped attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act for FY `17."	Did John McCain’s Vote Stop the ACA Repeal for the 2017 Fiscal Year?
vclaim-sno-mccloskeys-synagogue-beehives	Mark McCloskey, a Missouri man made famous for brandishing a firearm at protesters in 2020, destroyed a neighboring synagogue’s beehive seven years earlier because the structures crossed his property line.	Did Mark McCloskey Once Destroy a Neighboring Synagogue’s Beehives?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-biden-putin	Russian President Vladimir Putin acknowledged Joe Biden's victory in the 2020 presidential election before U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did.	Did Putin Acknowledge Biden’s Win Before Mitch McConnell?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-democrats-no-victories	"In December 2020, U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell vowed to block Democratic legislative efforts, saying, ""Even if I feel it's a good bill. They shall have no victories."""	Did McConnell Say Democrats ‘Shall Have No Victories’?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-greene-cancer-republican	U.S. Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said that conspiracy-pushing Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene’s views are a “cancer” for the Republican Party.	Did McConnell Say Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Opinions Are a ‘Cancer’ For Republican Party?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-support-trump-2024	"U.S. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said ""absolutely"" when asked if he would support former President Donald Trump if he was the Republican Party's nominee in 2024."	Did Mitch McConnell Say He’d Support Trump as GOP Nominee in 2024?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-trump-attack-capitol	"U.S. Sen. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said that U.S. President Trump ""provoked"" the attack on the Capitol."	Did McConnell Say Trump ‘Provoked’ Attack on U.S. Capitol?
vclaim-sno-mcconnell-voting-photobomb	A photograph shows a man giving Mitch McConnell a thumbs-down from the voting booth.	Did a Man Photobomb Mitch McConnell With a Thumbs-Down Gesture While They Voted?
vclaim-sno-mcdonald39s-is-his-kind-of-place	A teenaged job seeker sent a sarcastic employment application to McDonald’s and was hired.	McDonald's/WalMart Application
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-100-beef	McDonald's buys their meat from a company called '100% Beef,' which allows them to legally but deceptively claim they use 100% beef in their hamburgers.	Are McDonald’s Hamburgers 100% Beef?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-acrylamide-warning-sign	Image shows a McDonald’s sign warning about the dangers of acrylamide.	McDonald’s Acrylamide Warning Sign
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-banned-mcfish	"McDonald's has ""permanently banned"" the ""McFish"" sandwich from their U.S. menus."	Did McDonald’s ‘Permanently Ban’ the ‘McFish’ Sandwich?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-birthday-cakes	McDonald's sells full-size chocolate and vanilla birthday cakes.	Do TikTok Videos Show That McDonald’s Sells Birthday Cakes?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-breakfast-exposed	TikTok videos depicted a McDonald's employee preparing the Big Breakfast and Sausage Burrito menu items.	Did TikTok Videos ‘Expose’ McDonald’s Breakfast?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-breakfast-frozen-eggs	McDonald's breakfast menu items use frozen eggs.	Are McDonald’s Breakfast Eggs Really Frozen?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-burned-floyd-protests	A photograph shows a McDonald's set afire during protests over George Floyd's death.	Was This McDonald’s Burned During Floyd Protests?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-chicken-pack-serves-2	"The McDonald's ""Chicken Pack"" is advertised to serve two people."	Is McDonald’s Huge Chicken Pack Intended to Serve 2 People?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-countries-war	Countries that both have McDonald’s have never been involved in war with each other.	Have Two McDonald’s-Containing Countries Ever Been at War with Each Other?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-coupon-scam	McDonald's is offering coupons for two free Big Mac Meals to social media users who fill out an online survey.	No, McDonald’s Is Not Offering 2 Free Big Mac Meals for a Month
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-covid-sign	A McDonald's sign requiring that all customers provide their names and phone numbers for collection is real.	Is This McDonald’s COVID-19 Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-employee-mixtape	A McDonald's employee was fired for placing his mixtapes in children's happy meals.	Was McDonald’s Worker Fired For Placing His Mixtapes In Happy Meals?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-employee-smuggles-mcnuggets	A McDonald's worker was arrested for theft after smuggling home 80 lbs. of chicken nuggets in his anal cavity.	McDonald’s Employee Accused of Smuggling 80 Lbs of McNuggets
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-free-kids-lunches	McDonald's is giving free lunches to school-age children during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is McDonald’s Giving Free Lunches to School Kids During Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-french-fry-grease	"A McDonald's sign acknowledges the chain's use of ""french fry grease"" to warm coffee."	French Fry Grease in McDonald’s Coffee
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-gerber-baby-food	"A photograph shows a jar of Gerber brand ""Big Mac and Fries"" baby food."	Food For Naught
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-getting-rid-dollar-menu	"McDonald's is getting rid of its ""Dollar Menu"" come 2016."	McDonald’s Getting Rid of the Dollar Menu?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-happy-meals	McDonald’s new LGBTQ ‘Rainbow Meal’ will replace kids' Happy Meals.	Will McDonald’s New LGBTQ ‘Rainbow Meal’ Replace Kids’ Happy Meals?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-homeless-policy	The McDonald's fast food chain has implemented a policy barring their customers from buying food for homeless people.	McDonald’s ‘New Policy’ Bans Customers from Buying Food for the Homeless?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-huge-changes	McDonald's announced in Nov. 2020 they were making 'huge changes' to their restaurants due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did McDonald’s Announce ‘Huge Changes’ to Their Restaurants Due to COVID?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-menu-big-mac	The McDonald’s fast food chain announced they will be phasing out the Big Mac by July 1.	Did McDonald’s Announce They’re Permanently Removing the Big Mac from Their Menu?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-mitten-cups	McDonald's released a holiday cup that unintentionally featured a risqué image.	Did McDonald’s 2016 Holiday Cups Include a Risqué Image?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-parasitic-worm-outbreak	"The CDC linked a parasitic worm outbreak to the use of ""worm filler"" in McDonald's beef patties."	FALSE: McDonald’s Parasitic Worm Outbreak Linked Back to Ground “Worm Filler” in Patties
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-phil-a-o-fish	"In 1976, McDonald's advertised the Filet-O-Fish using a character called ""Phil A. O'Fish."""	Did McDonald’s Ads Once Feature ‘Phil A. O’Fish’?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-quarter-pounder-candles	In February 2020, McDonald’s sold a limited collection Quarter Pounder Scented Candle Pack, which smelled like beef, along with its related toppings.	Did McDonald’s Release Quarter Pounder Scented Candles?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-remove-american-flags	McDonald's removed American flags from its restaurants nationwide in order to support antifa and the Black Lives Matter movement.	Did McDonald’s Remove American Flags Nationwide?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-restaurants-flipping-womens-day	McDonald's restaurants are turning their iconic gold arches upside down to celebrate International Women's Day.	Are McDonald’s Restaurants Flipping Their Iconic Golden Arches Upside Down for Women’s Day?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-robot-cashiers	McDonald's is planning to replace all the cashiers in their restaurants with robots by the end of 2020.	Is McDonald’s Replacing All Cashiers with Robots to Avoid a Minimum Wage Increase?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-secret-sauce	A McDonald's employee was arrested for masturbating into the restaurant's condiments.	McDonald’s Employee Admits to Ejaculating in Big Mac ‘Secret Sauce’ for Nearly 2 Years
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-supports-chick-fil-a	Photograph shows a McDonald’s sign expressing support for Chick-fil-A.	McDonald’s Supports Chick-fil-A
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-tiktok-drink-video	A video proves that McDonald's small, medium, and large drink sizes all hold the same amount of liquid.	Do All of McDonald’s Drink Cups Hold the Same Amount of Liquid?
vclaim-sno-mcdonalds-workers-denmark	McDonald's workers in Denmark make $22 an hour and have six weeks of paid vacation.	Do McDonald’s Workers in Denmark Make $22 an Hour?
vclaim-sno-mcenany-obama-hut-tweet	"Former White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany once tweeted: ""How I Met Your Brother -- Never mind, forgot he's still in that hut in Kenya #ObamaTVShow."""	Did Kayleigh McEnany Tweet That Obama’s Brother Was ‘Still In That Hut In Kenya’?
vclaim-sno-mcgraw-shill	Country singer Tim McGraw recently expressed support for President Obama.	Tim McGraw Infuriates Country Fans with Obama Statement
vclaim-sno-mcgregor-vs-mayweather-fight-called-off-after-mayweathers-arrest	The August 2017 fight between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor was called off after the former was arrested in July 2017.	McGregor vs. Mayweather Fight Called Off After Mayweather’s Arrest?
vclaim-sno-mcmemo	Memo from a McDonald’s director advocates making a policy of omitting items from customers’ drive-through orders.	McDonald’s Drive-Through Memo
vclaim-sno-mcmoose	Photograph shows a moose poking its snout into a McDonald’s drive-through window in Madawaska, Maine.	McMoose
vclaim-sno-mcnatt-racist-memo	Miller County Judge Roy John McNatt wrote a racist memo about black people.	Did Judge Roy John McNatt Write a Racist Memo About Black People?
vclaim-sno-mcowned	Former FBI Agent K. Dee McCown published an open letter to Attorney General Eric Holder criticizing his handling of race-based issues.	Did an Ex-FBI Agent Write This Open Letter to Eric Holder?
vclaim-sno-mcpizza	McDonald’s still sells McPizza at select locations in the United States.	Does McDonald's Still Sell McPizza?
vclaim-sno-mcrib-tiktok-mcdonalds	A TikTok video depicted a McDonald's employee cooking and storing the McRib menu item.	Did TikTok Videos ‘Expose’ How McDonald’s McRib is Cooked?
vclaim-sno-mcrobots	A McDonald’s restaurant in Phoenix is completely run by robots.	New McDonald’s in Phoenix Run Entirely by Robots
vclaim-sno-mcskinny	McDonald’s will stop serving overweight customers beginning 1 January 2015.	McDonald’s Will Stop Serving Overweight Customers Beginning 1/1/15
vclaim-sno-meaner-than-a-junkyard-god	Automaker Henry Ford scavenged junk yards to find out which components had outlasted the useful life of his automobiles, then made those parts out of cheaper materials.	Henry Ford Junkyard Parts
vclaim-sno-meaning-of-ar-in-ar-15-firearm	"The ""AR"" in AR-15 stands for assault rifle."	Does ‘AR’ in AR-15 Stand for ‘Assault Rifle’?
vclaim-sno-measle-words	Patient zero for the 2014-2015 measles outbreak was found to be an already-vaccinated child or illegal immigrant.	Measles Outbreak Patient Zero
vclaim-sno-measles-deaths-vaccine	In the last ten years no one has died of measles in the U.S., but more than 100 people have died due to the MMR vaccine.	In 2003 Were the Only Reported Measles Deaths Caused by the Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-meat-your-maker	The Taco Bell chain is closing due to allegations that its “beef” is really cat and dog meat.	Taco Bell Closing?
vclaim-sno-mebane-travel-center-ladies-room-urinals	Pilot Travel Center in Mebane, North Carolina installed urinals in the ladies' room.	Mebane Travel Center Ladies’ Room Urinals?
vclaim-sno-mecca-mecca-why	Students in Revere, Massachusetts, were forced to recite an Islamic conversion prayer.	Massachusetts School Is Forcing Students to Learn a Muslim Prayer?
vclaim-sno-medal-detector	A Medal of Honor carried by a World War II veteran aroused suspicion among airport security forces.	Joseph J. Foss Medal of Honor
vclaim-sno-medal-of-dishonor	A woman was embarrassed to find her exotic foreign medallion bore an inscription identifying her as a prostitute.	Prostitution Medallion
vclaim-sno-media-silence-national-debt-trump	A lack of media attention regarding a $12 billion reduction to the national debt during President Trump’s first month in office is attributable to biased news coverage.	‘Media Silence’ on $12B Reduction to the National Debt During Trump’s First Month?
vclaim-sno-medical-center	The Pentagon military office building was originally intended to be a hospital.	Was the Pentagon Intended to Be a Hospital?
vclaim-sno-medical-device-excise-tax	“Obamacare” provisions imposed a 2.3% excise tax as of 1 January 2013.	Medical Device Excise Tax
vclaim-sno-medicare-at-age-76	Under Obamacare, patients 76 and older must be admitted to the hospital by their primary care physicians in order to be covered by Medicare.	Medicare at Age 76
vclaim-sno-medicare-hospitals-covid-patients	Medicare is paying hospitals $13,000 for patients admitted with COVID-19 diagnoses and $39,000 if those patients are placed on ventilators.	Are Doctors and Hospitals Paid More for COVID-19 Patients?
vclaim-sno-medicare-part-bamboozled	The federal government is withholding information on 2015 Medicare premiums and deductibles until after the 2014 midterm elections.	Medicare Handbook for 2015
vclaim-sno-medicare-premium-increases	Monthly Medicare Part B premiums are set to jump to $247.00 in 2014.	A Message from Blue Cross/Blue Shield
vclaim-sno-medicinal-cocaine-canada	Canada legalized the medicinal use of cocaine.	Did Canada Legalize the Medicinal Use of Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-meek-mill-is-kings-son	Civil rights icon Martin Luther King, Jr. is the grandfather of rapper Meek Mill.	Is Rapper Meek Mill the Grandson of Martin Luther King, Jr.?
vclaim-sno-meerkat-bath-photograph	A photograph shows a group of children in South Africa giving a meerkat a bath.	Is This a Picture of Children Giving a Meerkat a Bath?
vclaim-sno-meet-mohammad-fazl	Photograph shows Mohammed Fazl, a Taliban prisoner exchanged for U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl, posing with severed heads.	Meet Mohammad Fazl
vclaim-sno-meg-white-drummer-rush	Meg White is replacing Rush's drummer Neil Peart.	Meg White Isn’t the New Drummer for Rush
vclaim-sno-megabat-photo	A photograph shows a large species of megabat.	Does a Photograph Show a Species of Megabat?
vclaim-sno-megabucks-lore	Soon after winning the largest-ever Megabucks slots jackpot, the new multi-millionaire died a violent death.	Megabucks Legends
vclaim-sno-megadeth-bernie-sanders	The band Megadeth is set to play a rally for Bernie Sanders.	Heavy Metal Legends Megadeth to Play for Bernie Sanders?
vclaim-sno-megalodon-the-monster-shark-lives	A megalodon capsized a South African charter vessel in April 2013.	Megalodon: The Monster Shark Lives?
vclaim-sno-megalodon-tooth-whale-bone-fossil	A photograph shows a genuine fossil of a megalodon tooth embedded in a whale bone.	Is This a Fossil of a Megalodon Tooth Embedded in a Whale Bone?
vclaim-sno-megan-rapinoe-men-like-trump	"U.S. women's soccer forward Megan Rapinoe said ""gross men"" like U.S. President Donald Trump make women ""go gay."""	Did Megan Rapinoe Say ‘Gross Men Like Trump’ Are the Reason Women ‘Go Gay’?
vclaim-sno-megawoosh-water-slide	A video clip shows a man shooting down a waterslide, flying off a ramp, and landing in a small wading pool far away.	Megawoosh Water Slide
vclaim-sno-meghan-harry-royal-robots	A video shows Meghan Markle and Prince Harry behaving oddly in an 'Britain's Got Talent' audience.	Are Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Robots?
vclaim-sno-meghan-markle-net-worth	A report revealed the royal family's potentially negative thoughts about Meghan Markle's net worth.	The Royal Family is ‘Cringing at Meghan Markle’s Net Worth’?
vclaim-sno-megyn-kelly-essentially	Fox News host Megyn Kelly once referred to Native Americans as “illegal immigrants.”	Megyn Kelly, Essentially
vclaim-sno-meijer-coupon-scam	The Meijer supercenter chain is giving away $75 coupons to users who like and share Facebook posts.	Meijer $75 Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-melania-alexander-mcqueen-dress	Melania Trump wore a dress designed by Alexander McQueen that featured drawings by victims of child sexual abuse.	Did Melania Trump’s Dress Feature Drawings by Victims of Sexual Abuse?
vclaim-sno-melania-announces-backing-hillary	Melania Trump has announced she's endorsing Hillary Clinton.	After Grotesque Trump Audio Revealed, Melania Announces She’s Backing Hillary
vclaim-sno-melania-christmas-recording	"In a July 2018 audio recording, first lady Melania Trump can be heard saying: ""Who gives a fuck about Christmas stuff and decoration?"""	Did Melania Trump Say ‘Who Gives a F*ck about Christmas Stuff’?
vclaim-sno-melania-hit-donald-trump-shocking-announcement	"First Lady Melania Trump recent ""hit"" her husband with a ""shocking announcement."""	Did Melania Hit Donald Trump with a ‘Shocking Announcement He Never Saw Coming’?
vclaim-sno-melania-make-peace-with-the-blacks	"Melania Trump suggested her husband could ""make peace with the blacks"" by increasing their food stamp payments."	How to ‘Make Peace with the Blacks’
vclaim-sno-melania-michelle-mlk-message	Melania Trump plagiarized a portion of a speech delivered by Michelle Obama in 2016 for her tweet commemorating Martin Luther King Day in 2018.	Did Melania Trump Copy Michelle Obama’s MLK Day Message?
vclaim-sno-melania-soviet-hat	Melania Trump once posted a photo of herself wearing a Russian hat featuring a Soviet army badge, and Facebook removed the image.	Did Melania Trump Post a Photo of Herself Wearing a Soviet Army Hat?
vclaim-sno-melania-summit-camp-david	Melania Trump was not invited to a gathering of former first ladies at Camp David.	Was Melania Trump Not Invited to First Lady Summit at Camp David?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-and-the-dakota-access-pipeline-protests	"Melania Trump said that Native Americans upset about the Dakota Access Pipeline should ""go back to India""."	Melania Trump and the Dakota Access Pipeline Protests
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-architecture-degree	Melania Trump has a degree in design and architecture from a Slovenia university.	Melania Trump’s College Degree
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-ban-flu-shot	First Lady Melania Trump banned the White House staff from receiving flu shots.	Did Melania Trump Ban White House Staff from Taking Flu Shots?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-bans-monsanto	First Lady Melania Trump banned all Monsanto products from the White House after reading about the dangers of genetically modified foods.	Melania Trump Bans Monsanto Products from the White House?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-bedroom	Former U.S. first lady Melania Trump had her own private bedroom on Air Force One.	Did Melania Trump Have a Private Bedroom on Air Force One?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-body-double-2	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump entering Marine Force One with an individual standing in for first lady Melania Trump.	Is This Yet Another Picture of a Melania Trump ‘Body Double’?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-body-double	"A video shows a ""fake"" Melania Trump standing next to the president."	Is This Melania Trump’s Body Double?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-cairo-hotel	First Lady Melania Trump's one-day stay at a hotel in Cairo cost the U.S. government $95,050.	Did Melania Trump’s One-Day Stay at a Cairo Hotel Cost the U.S. Government $95,000?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-copied-statement-from-hillary-clinton	Melania Trump had copied her statement regarding her husband's offensive statements about women from Hillary Clinton.	Melania Trump Copied Statement from Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-destroy-rose-garden	Melania Trump dug up the White House Rose Garden, which was planted by Jackie Kennedy and contained roses planted by every first lady since 1913.	Did Melania Trump ‘Dig Up’ the Rose Garden at the White House?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-exterminate-shirt-holocaust	"On a visit to the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin in June 2018, First Lady Melania Trump wore a Doctor Who-themed T-shirt bearing the word ""Exterminate."""	Did Melania Trump Wear an ‘Exterminate’ T-Shirt to a Holocaust Memorial?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-files-for-divorce	Melania Trump has filed for divorce over  her role as the First Lady of the United States.	Melania Trump Files for Divorce
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-heels-houston-hurricane-harvey	Melania Trump wore high heels to visit Texas after Hurricane Harvey.	Melania Trump Wore Heels to Visit Texas After a Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-hired-exorcist	"First lady Melania Trump demanded that the White House be exorcised of ""demonic idols and images"" allegedly left there by the Obamas before she would enter it."	Did Melania Trump Hire an Exorcist to Cleanse the White House of Obama ‘Demons’?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-ivanka-trump-wearing-transparent-shirts	An image shows Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump wearing see-through shirts.	Melania Trump, Ivanka Trump Wearing Transparent Shirts
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-jet	A photograph shows Melania Trump posing in front of a jet while pregnant.	Does This Picture Show a Pregnant Melania Trump Posing on a Jet?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-last-christmas	First lady Melania Trump put out a statement in November 2020 saying this would be her final Christmas in the White House.	Did Melania Trump Say 2020 Would Be Her Last Christmas in the White House?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-multiple-languages	First lady Melania Trump speaks five languages fluently: Slovenian, English, French, Italian, and German.	Is Melania Trump Fluent in Five Languages?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-nyc-costs	Providing security for First Lady Melania Trump in New York City would cost double the amount it takes to fund the National Endowment for the Arts.	Does Melania Trump’s NYC Security Cost Twice the NEA’s Budget?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-parents-chain-migration-meme	The parents of First Lady Melania Trump emigrated to the U.S. through family reunification visas.	Did Melania Trump’s Parents Arrive in the U.S. Through ‘Chain Migration’?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-pirate-shirt	A photograph shows Melania Trump wearing the 'pirate shirt' featured in a memorable episode of the TV sitcom 'Seinfeld.'	Melania Trump Wore Seinfeld’s ‘Pirate Shirt’ to the RNC
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-plagiarise-michelle-obamas-statement-womens-history-month	Melania Trump plagiarized her statement on Women's History Month from Michelle Obama.	Did Melania Trump Plagiarize Michelle Obama’s Statement on Women’s History Month?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-plagiarize-memorial-day-tweet-michelle-obama	In 2018, Melania Trump plagiarized Michelle Obama's 2014 Memorial Day statement.	Did Melania Trump Plagiarize a Memorial Day Tweet From Michelle Obama?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-relationship-tweet	"Melania Trump ""liked"" a tweet that poked fun at her relationship with her husband, President Donald Trump."	Did Melania Trump ‘Like’ a Tweet Lampooning Her Relationship With President Trump?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-ron-jeremy-photo	A photograph shows Melania Trump with porn star Ron Jeremy.	Is Photo of Melania Trump with Porn Star Ron Jeremy Real?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-statue-slovenia	A statue of first lady Melania Trump in her native country of Slovenia was damaged in a fire during the 2020 Independence Day weekend in the United States.	Was a Statue of Melania Trump Set on Fire in Slovenia?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-toronto-hotel	Melania Trump's one-day visit to Toronto resulted in $174,000 in hotel charges.	Did Melania Trump’s One-Day Trip to Toronto Cost $174,000 in Hotel Charges?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-united-nations-obama	Melania Trump plagiarized her 2017 speech at the United Nations from a speech delivered by Michelle Obama in 2014.	Did Melania Trump Steal Her United Nations Speech from Michelle Obama?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-vs-michelle-obama	Photographs depict then-model Melania Trump (nee Knauss) posing provocatively for GQ magazine.	Melania Trump vs. Michelle Obama
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-wear-jacket-visiting-children-separated-families	"First Lady Melania Trump wore a jacket with ""I DON'T REALLY CARE DO U?"" emblazoned on the back on her way to visit immigrant kids."	Did Melania Trump Wear This Jacket on Her Way to Visit Children Separated from Their Families?
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-wore-pussy-bow	"Melania Trump wore a ""pussy-bow"" blouse to the second 2016 presidential debate."	Melania Trump Wore ‘Pussy-Bow’ Blouse to Presidential Debate
vclaim-sno-melania-trump-wore-shower-curtains	The pattern on Melania Trump's New Year's Eve 2017 dress closely resembled the design on a shower curtain.	Did Melania Trump Wear Shower Curtains?
vclaim-sno-melania-trumps-grandmother-soviet-soldier-olga-orlif	A photograph shows Melania Trump's grandmother, Olga Orlif, who was a Soviet Soldier in World War II.	Melania Trump’s Grandmother was a Soviet Soldier?
vclaim-sno-melania-tweet-charlottesville	First Lady Melania Trump again copied words from Michelle Obama while denouncing violence in Charlottesville.	Melania Trump Criticizes Charlottesville Violence, Plagiarizes Michelle Obama?
vclaim-sno-melba-toasted	Melba toast and peach melba were named for an opera singer.	Origins of Melba Toast and Peach Melba
vclaim-sno-melinda-black-people-covid	Melinda Gates said Black people should be first in line, after health care workers, to be vaccinated against COVID-19.	Did Melinda Gates Say This About Black People and COVID-19 Vaccination?
vclaim-sno-melinda-gates-upside-down-cross	Melinda Gates wore an upside-down cross in broadcast interviews in May 2020 to denounce Christianity.	Did Melinda Gates Wear an Upside-Down Cross?
vclaim-sno-melting-pot-multiculturalism-artwork	A piece of art depicting a man watering a tree in an attempt to hang himself won a contest for depicting the current era of multiculturalism in Europe.	Artwork Shows Man with Noose Around Neck to Represent Multiculturalism
vclaim-sno-members-congress-health-care	Congressional members receive free, high-quality health care.	Do Members of Congress Enjoy Free Health Care?
vclaim-sno-meme-german-occupied-poland-1944-us-2018	A meme accurately compares the treatment of foreign children by Germany in 1944 and the U.S. in 2018.	Meme Likens German-Occupied Poland in 1944 with the U.S. in 2018
vclaim-sno-meme-show-nancy-pelosi-district	"A meme shows the effects of ""big government policies"" on San Francisco, which is U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district."	Does a Meme Show U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco?
vclaim-sno-memorial-day-police-trump-obama	Donald Trump reinstated a day of commemoration for fallen police, which had been cancelled by Barack Obama	Did President Trump ‘Reinstate’ a Memorial Day for Police Officers, Cancelled by Obama?
vclaim-sno-memorial-day	Memorial Day began with a May 1865 ceremony held by former slaves to honor Union war dead.	The Origins of Memorial Day
vclaim-sno-memphis-poll-black-lives-matter	In October 2020, an employee at a polling station in Memphis, Tennessee, was fired for targeting early voters wearing shirts with “Black Lives Matter” and other related language, and asking them to remove the messaging.	Was a Poll Worker Fired for Stopping Voters in ‘Black Lives Matter’ Shirts?
vclaim-sno-men-who-marry-chubby-women-are-happier	A new study proves that men who marry “chubby women” are happier and live longer.	Did “New Research” Prove That Men Who Marry “Chubby Women” Are Happier?
vclaim-sno-mencken-white-house-quote	"H. L. Mencken wrote that eventually ""the White House will be adorned by a downright moron."""	Did H. L. Mencken Say the ‘White House Will Be Adorned by a Downright Moron’?
vclaim-sno-mennonite-biker-gang-hells-angels-sturgis	A Mennonite biker gang clashed with the Hells Angels at the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally in 2017.	Mennonite Biker Gangs Clash with Hells Angels at Sturgis?
vclaim-sno-menorah-zebra	A viral image shows a real zebra that has stripes in the shape of a menorah.	Does This Photo Show a Real Zebra with Menorah Stripes?
vclaim-sno-mensez	A chiropractor is developing a labial glue as a menstrual alternative to tampons and sanitary napkins.	Is ‘Mensez’ Menstrual Glue a Real Product?
vclaim-sno-menstrual-cramps-are-as-painful-as-a-heart-attack	Doctors are now saying menstrual cramps are as painful as heart attacks.	Doctors Are Now Saying Menstrual Cramps Are as Painful ‘as a Heart Attack’
vclaim-sno-menstrual-cycles-synchronize	Women’s menstrual cycles synchronize when they live or work in close proximity to one another.	Do Menstrual Cycles Synchronize When Women Live Together?
vclaim-sno-menthol-things-considered	Kool menthol cigarettes are owned by the KKK. Or menthols are part of an insidious plot to do away with African-Americans. Or they contain fiberglass. Or they’ll render a man’s winky inoperable.	Menthol Rumors
vclaim-sno-menu-foods-pet-food-recall	A number of Menu pet food products have been recalled due to a possible association with kidney failure-related illnesses and deaths of cats and dogs.	Menu Foods Pet Food Recall
vclaim-sno-meredith-mciver-exists	Donald Trump's campaign invented a fictional speechwriter named Meredith McIver to take the heat after Melania Trump was criticized for purportedly plagiarizing Michelle Obama's 2008 convention speech.	Trump Ghostwriter Meredith McIver Doesn’t Exist?
vclaim-sno-merging-oceans	Photographs show the place where two oceans meet in the Gulf of Alaska.	Are Two Oceans Meeting in This Photograph?
vclaim-sno-merkels-hair-censored	A screenshot of a Saudi news story showing Germany's leader with pixelated hair is a hoax.	Was Angela Merkel’s Hair Censored on Saudi Arabia State Television?
vclaim-sno-mermaid-in-florida	Photographs show the discovery of mermaid-like sea creature.	Was a Mermaid Discovered in St. Petersburg, Florida?
vclaim-sno-mermaid-skeleton	A photograph shows a mermaid skeleton found in Bulgaria.	Was a Mermaid Skeleton Found in Bulgaria?
vclaim-sno-mermaids-the-body-found	An Animal Planet documentary revealed the existence of mermaids.	Mermaids: The Body Found
vclaim-sno-merriam-webster-barrett-sexual	"Merriam-Webster updated its definition and usage guidelines of the term ""sexual preference"" to say its use is ""offensive"" after the Oct. 13, 2020, confirmation hearing of Judge Amy Coney Barrett, U.S. President Donald Trump’s pick for the Supreme Court."	Did Merriam-Webster Update Its Entry on ‘Sexual Preference’ After Barrett Hearing?
vclaim-sno-merriam-webster-definition-racism	"In June 2020, Merriam-Webster said it planned to change its entry on ""racism"" in its dictionary to show only white people are racist."	Did Merriam-Webster Update Its Definition of ‘Racism’ To Say Only White People Are Racist?
vclaim-sno-merrick-garland-bill-barr-liar	"Merrick Garland called former U.S. Attorney General Bill Barr ""a liar,"" or words to that effect, during a Senate hearing in February 2021."	Did Merrick Garland Call Bill Barr a ‘Liar’ During Confirmation Hearing?
vclaim-sno-merry-menses	Tampax is marketing pumpkin spice tampons.	Tampax Pumpkin Spice Tampons
vclaim-sno-merrylin-cryptid-museum-creatures	Real skeletons of mythical creatures are on display at the Merrylin Cryptid Museum.	The ‘Merrylin Cryptid Museum’
vclaim-sno-meryl-streep-applaud-roman-polanski	Meryl Streep applauded for Roman Polanski at the Academy Awards in 2003.	Did Meryl Streep Applaud Roman Polanski at the Academy Awards?
vclaim-sno-meryl-streep-fired	"Meryl Streep was fired by director Ron Howard from a from a ""Happy Days"" reboot project for lying about Donald Trump mocking a disabled reporter."	Meryl Streep Fired from Major Project for Lying About Trump?
vclaim-sno-meryl-streep-mock-disabled	An animated image shows Meryl Streep mocking a disabled person on a late night talk show.	Did Meryl Streep Mock a Disabled Person on a Late Night Talk Show?
vclaim-sno-meryl-streep-morgan-freeman-futures-parents	Morgan Freeman and Meryl Streep are the biological parents of rap artist Future.	Are Meryl Streep and Morgan Freeman Future’s Parents?
vclaim-sno-meryl-streep-subway-audition	"A photograph shows actress Meryl Streep riding the subway after failing an audition for ""King Kong."""	Is This Meryl Streep Riding the Subway After Failing an Audition?
vclaim-sno-metal-fit-together-perfectly	A video shows metal pieces that fit together so well that they appear to be single unmodified blocks of metal when combined.	Are These Pieces of Metal Engineered to Fit Together ‘Perfectly?’
vclaim-sno-metallica-james-hatfield-country	Singer James Hetfield left the band Metallica and has announced a new country music album.	Metallica Singer James Hetfield Isn’t ‘Going Country’
vclaim-sno-metallica-lawsuit-hoax	Metallica sued an 8th-grade student for drawing the band's logo on his notebook.	FALSE: Metallica Sues 8th Grader Over Hand-Drawn Logo on Notebook
vclaim-sno-metallica-singer-celebrates-a-phd-in-astrophysics	Metallica singer James Hetfield has earned a PhD in astrophysics.	Metallica Singer Celebrates a PhD in Astrophysics
vclaim-sno-meteor-shower	true	Meteor ‘Outburst’ Expected Over North America
vclaim-sno-meteorologist-icicles-bird-poop	An Iowa-based meteorologist claimed in a viral video that icicles contain bird poop.	Did a Meteorologist Claim That Icicles Contain Poop?
vclaim-sno-meth-ebola-contamination	Police are asking meth users to bring in their drugs because they might be contaminated with Ebola.	Police Say Meth Has Been Contaminated with Ebola
vclaim-sno-meth-lab-alabama-walmart	Police discovered a drug lab in the back room of a Walmart in Decatur, Alabama.	Did Police Discover a Meth Lab in a Back Room of an Alabama Walmart?
vclaim-sno-meth-lab-explosion-gas	A man died in a meth lab explosion after attempting to light his own flatulence.	Did a Man Die in a Meth Lab Explosion After Lighting His Farts on Fire?
vclaim-sno-meth-louisiana-zika	Meth in Louisiana is contaminated with the Zika virus.	Is Meth in Louisiana Contaminated with the Zika Virus?
vclaim-sno-meth-man-kills-zombies	A Georgia man went on a killing frenzy and murdered 31 people after binge-watching  The Walking Dead.	Man on Crystal Meth Kills 12 Neighbors, Thinking They’re Zombies?
vclaim-sno-methodists-jeff-sessions-child-abuse-immigration	In June 2018, members of the United Methodist Church brought church charges, including child abuse, against Attorney General Jeff Sessions.	Did Methodists Bring Church Charges Against Jeff Sessions?
vclaim-sno-mexican-names-baby-brexit	"A family in Mexico named their baby daughter ""Breksit,"" after the results of Britain's EU referendum."	Mexican Family Names Newborn After ‘Brexit’
vclaim-sno-mexican-police-caravan-photos	Photographs show police officers who were brutalized by members of a migrant caravan in October 2018.	Were These Mexican Police Officers Brutalized by Members of a Migrant Caravan?
vclaim-sno-mexican-sendoff	Sarah Palin said President Obama should put immigrants on a boat back to Mexico.	Sarah Palin: Send Immigrants ‘Back Across Ocean’ to Mexico
vclaim-sno-mexican-standoff	Country singer Charlie Daniels’ authored an opinion piece about immigration reform demonstrations.	Charlie Daniels on Immigration Reform Demonstrations
vclaim-sno-mexican-supermarket-taking-donations-for-trump-border-wall	"A Mexican supermarket chain is adding ""donations"" for a U.S.-Mexico border wall to its charges."	Mexican Supermarket Taking ‘Donations’ for Trump Border Wall
vclaim-sno-mexico-75-million-border-wall	President Obama is giving Mexico $75 million to build a wall on their southern border.	President Obama Is Giving Mexico $75 Million to Build a Southern Border Wall
vclaim-sno-mexico-argentina-trade-deal-border-wall	In retaliation for Donald Trump's border wall plan, Mexico will soon shift all its imports of corn, rice, soy, and wheat from the United States to Argentina.	Did Mexico Sign a Major Trade Deal With Argentina to Retaliate Against Trump’s Border Wall Plans?
vclaim-sno-mexico-border-trump-elected	Mexico pledged to close the country's borders with the United States if Donald Trump is elected president.	Mexico to Close Border if Trump is Elected
vclaim-sno-mexico-charter-buses-migrants	The Mexican government has offered chartered buses to take Central American migrants the border.	Is Mexico Providing Charter Buses to Transport Caravan Migrants to the Border?
vclaim-sno-mexico-guatemala-border	Photographs show a border fence between the countries of Mexico and Guatemala.	Mexico-Guatemala Border Wall
vclaim-sno-mexico-is-angry	Mexican legislators expressed concern that an Arizona law would prompt an influx of Mexicans into Sonora from Arizona.	Mexico Is Angry
vclaim-sno-mexico-marine-torture-border-tahmooressi	"In 2014, Mexican authorities arrested and tortured a U.S. Marine for ""accidentally crossing the border,"" tying him to a bed for nine months in the process."	Did Mexican Authorities Arrest and Torture a U.S. Marine for Accidentally Crossing the Border?
vclaim-sno-mexico-seizes-us-cocaine	Authorities in Mexico have seized a massive shipment of cocaine headed towards a U.S. government facility.	Did Mexico Seize 800 Pounds of U.S. Government Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-mexico-troops-hurricane-katrina	Mexican troops provided aid to U.S. residents in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.	Did Mexican Troops Aid the U.S. After Hurricane Katrina?
vclaim-sno-mexico-voter-id	Mexican citizens are required to have government-issued photo ID cards in order to vote in federal elections.	How to Vote in Mexico
vclaim-sno-mezvinsky-clinton-married	The father of Chelsea Clinton's husband is a former congressman who pled guilty to fraud charges.	Ed Mezvinsky — Father of the Groom
vclaim-sno-mgm-lyin39	The lion used for the original MGM logo killed its trainer and his assistants.	MGM Lion Killed Its Trainer?
vclaim-sno-mh370-patent-disappearance	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was made to disappear so one party could gain control of a multiply-owned patent.	Malaysia Air 370 Patent Conspiracy
vclaim-sno-mh370-pilot-mysteriously-resurfaces	The pilot of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 reappeared in Taiwan two years after the plane disappeared.	Did an MH370 Pilot Mysteriously Resurface Two Years Later?
vclaim-sno-mia-hamm-death-hoax	Soccer star Mia Hamm died in January 2019.	Did Retired Soccer Star Mia Hamm Die in January 2019?
vclaim-sno-mia-khalifa-fcc-commissioner-dms	Social media personality Mia Khalifa insulted Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai after he messaged her on Instagram.	Did Mia Khalifa ‘Expose’ Ajit Pai After He ‘Slid Into Her DMs’?
vclaim-sno-mia-khalifa-hiv	Mia Khalifa was diagnosed with human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV.	Was Mia Khalifa Diagnosed with HIV?
vclaim-sno-miami-dolphins-undefeated-champagne	Every season, whenever the last remaining undefeated NFL team lost its first game, all the surviving members of the 1972 Miami Dolphins opened bottles of champagne in celebration.	Do 1972 Miami Dolphins Toast First Losses of Undefeated Teams?
vclaim-sno-miami-vise	A philandering cheater is handed a hacksaw by a wronged spouse and offered an unappetizing choice.	Garage Fire Revenge
vclaim-sno-michael-bloomberg-donald-trump	Michael Bloomberg said that Donald Trump was known among millionaires as a 'con artist,' and among business owners as a 'cheat.'	Did Michael Bloomberg Say Donald Trump Is a ‘Con Artist’ and a ‘Cheat’?
vclaim-sno-michael-buble-retiring	Singer Michael Bublé's upcoming album will be his last, as he is retiring from making music.	Is Michael Bublé ‘Retiring’ from Making Music?
vclaim-sno-michael-cohen-hillary-clinton	Michael Cohen, former personal attorney to President Donald Trump, once also served as personal attorney to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.	Did Michael Cohen Once Act as Hillary Clinton’s Personal Attorney?
vclaim-sno-michael-cohen-the-fixer-ads	"Michael Cohen, personal attorney for President Donald Trump, advertised his services as ""The Fixer"" in New York City subway ads in April 2018."	Did Attorney Michael Cohen Advertise His Services as ‘The Fixer?’
vclaim-sno-michael-cohen-tweet-hillary-clinton	President Trump's long-time personal lawyer tweeted at Hillary Clinton that her room and board would be free in prison.	Did Michael Cohen Tweet at Hillary Clinton That Room and Board Will Be Free When She Goes to Prison?
vclaim-sno-michael-connelly	Attorney’s essay challenges the constitutionality of health care reform legislation.	Michael Connelly on the Constitutionality of Health Care Reform
vclaim-sno-michael-j-fox-death	Actor Michael J. Fox died at age 57 in August 2018 from complications related to Parkinson's disease.	Michael J. Fox Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-michael-jackson-at-40	Image shows a magazine’s 1985 projection of what Michael Jackson would look like at age 40.	Michael Jackson at 40
vclaim-sno-michael-jackson-beatles-songs	Michael Jackson owned the rights to the Beatles' songs.	Did Michael Jackson Own the Rights to All Beatles Songs?
vclaim-sno-michael-jackson-nose-photo	A photograph of Michael Jackson's face taken during a court trial is real and undoctored.	Is This a Real Photograph of Michael Jackson?
vclaim-sno-michael-jacksons-corpse-discovered	In March 2005, investigators discovered the corpse of Michael Jackson buried at his Neverland Ranch, more than four years before he was reported dead.	Neverland Ranch Investigators Discover Corpse of Real Michael Jackson
vclaim-sno-michael-jello-fox-2	Actor Michael J. Fox chose the middle name ‘Jello’ for himself when he was a child.	Michael Jello Fox
vclaim-sno-michael-jello-fox	Actor Michael J. Fox chose the middle name 'Jello' for himself when he was a child.	Is Actor Michael J. Fox’s Middle Name ‘Jello’?
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-death-hoax	Former NBA superstar Michael Jordan has died in his sleep of a heart attack.	Michael Jordan Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-hb2-hornets	Michael Jordan threatened to move the Charlotte Hornets out of North Carolina over the state's HB2 bathroom law.	Michael Jordan to North Carolina: ‘HB2 Goes or the Charlotte Hornets Go’
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-lebron-james-goat	Michael Jordan said that LeBron James was the greatest basketball player of all time.	Did Michael Jordan Call LeBron James the Greatest Basketball Player of All Time?
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-no-shoes-black-people-unite	"Michael Jordan said that he wasn't going to sell any more shoes ""until black people unite."""	Michael Jordan Says ‘I Won’t Release Another Shoe Until Black People Unite’
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-senate-republican	In late 2019, NBA star Michael Jordan announced he would run for U.S. Senate as a Republican.	Did Michael Jordan Announce a Run for the U.S. Senate?
vclaim-sno-michael-jordan-sue-grocery-store-10-million	Former NBA superstar won a hefty award in 2015 after filing suit against a grocery chain that used his name in an advertisement without his permission.	Did Michael Jordan Sue a Grocery Store for $10 Million?
vclaim-sno-michael-kors-dog-fur-petition	Michael Kors uses fur from dogs that were skinned alive in manufacturing the brand's products.	Michael Kors ‘Dog Fur’ Petition
vclaim-sno-michael-moore-endorsed-donald-trump	Michael Moore has endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Michael Moore Endorsed Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-michael-saari-michigan-facebook	"A Michigan state senate candidate wrote that it was ""normal"" for adult men to marry and have sex with pre-pubescent girls."	Did a Michigan State Senate Candidate Defend Men Having Sex with Underage Girls?
vclaim-sno-michael-savage-removed	Radio personality Michael Savage was fired because he talked about Hillary Clinton's health on the air.	Michael Savage Removed from the Airwaves for Discussing Clinton’s Health
vclaim-sno-michael-vick-attacked-by-pitbull	New York Jets quarterback Michael Vick was attacked by a stray pitbull.	Michael Vick Attacked by Pitbull
vclaim-sno-michael-vick-killed-dogs-quote	"Michael Vick said, ""I killed all of them. I lost f*cking millions all over some f*cking dogs."""	Did Michael Vick Say ‘I Killed All Of Them’ Dogs?
vclaim-sno-michele-bachmann-columbus-day	Michele Bachmann said that Christopher Columbus was the first person to set foot on the North American continent.	Michele Bachmann on Columbus Day
vclaim-sno-michele-bachmann-martin-luther-king-still-alive-black-people-owned-guns-1960s	Michele Bachmann said Martin Luther King would still be alive today if black people were allowed to own guns in the 1960s.	Michele Bachmann: Martin Luther King Would Still Be Alive If Black People Owned Guns in the 1960s?
vclaim-sno-michele-bachmann-mexican-food	In August 2014, Michele Bachmann told Fox News that banning Mexican food in the United States would stop Mexicans from entering the country without documentation.	Did Michele Bachmann Say Banning Mexican Food Would ‘End Illegal Border Crossings’?
vclaim-sno-michele-bachmann-vegas-victims	"Michelle Bachmann said of those killed in Las Vegas shootings: ""I'm not blaming the victims, but it is their fault."""	Did Michele Bachmann Say Vegas Victims Would be Alive If They Observed the Sabbath?
vclaim-sno-michele-bachmann-white-people-suffered-more-under-obama-than-blacks-during-slavery	Michele Bachmann said that white people suffered more under the Obama administration than black people did during slavery.	Michele Bachmann: ‘White People Suffered More Under Obama Than Blacks During Slavery’
vclaim-sno-michelle-bachmann-solar-power-quote	Michele Bachmann said that solar power drains the sun of heat.	FALSE: Michele Bachmann on Solar Power
vclaim-sno-michelle-fields-on-social-security	"Fox News contributor Michelle Fields said that ""we shouldn't just give money to people simply because they are old."""	Michelle Fields on Social Security
vclaim-sno-michelle-monitor-family-members	"Michelle Obama urged Kansas schoolchildren to ""monitor their grandparents for racial intolerance."""	Michelle Wants YOU to Monitor Your Own Family Members
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-2020-shirt	"A photograph shows Barack Obama holding a t-shirt bearing the slogan ""Michelle Obama 2020."""	Does This Photograph Show Barack Obama Holding a ‘Michelle Obama 2020’ Shirt?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-anthem-heart	Michelle Obama, as First Lady, never placed her hand on her heart during the national anthem.	Michelle Obama Never Placed Her Hand Over Her Heart During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-arrested-for-domestic-violence	"Former First Lady Michelle Obama was arrested after acting “unpredictably violent"" during a domestic dispute."	Was Michelle Obama Arrested for Domestic Violence?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-copied-her-2008-dnc-speech-from-saul-alinsky	Michelle Obama plagiarized Saul Alinsky in her 2008 Democratic National Convention speech.	Michelle Obama Copied Her 2008 DNC Speech from Saul Alinsky
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-daughter-graduation-photo	A photograph shows one of Michelle Obama's daughters wearing a graduation cap decorated in a quote from Prophet Muhammad.	Michelle Obama Hugging Daughter After Graduation
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-ditched-by-secret-service	Michelle Obama's Secret Service detail abruptly quit during her Hawaii vacation and left her on the street.	Did Michelle Obama Get Ditched by Secret Service?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-divorce-barack	Michelle Obama filed for divorce after former U.S. President Barack Obama admitted that he was gay.	Did Michelle Obama File For Divorce After Barack Admitted He Was Gay?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-donald-trump-book	"Michelle Obama's book ""Becoming"" sold more copies in its first week than Donald Trump's ""The Art of the Deal"" did in 32 years."	Did Michelle Obama’s Book Sell More Copies in One Week Than Donald Trump’s Did in 32 Years?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-harvey-weinstein	"In 2013 then-first lady Michelle Obama praised Harvey Weinstein as a ""wonderful human being"" and a ""good friend."""	Did Michelle Obama Praise Harvey Weinstein as a ‘Wonderful Human Being’ in 2013?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-inheritance	"Michelle Obama's mother left an inheritance to ""my son Michael."""	Did Michelle Obama’s Mother Leave an Inheritance to ‘My Son Michael’?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-jewels-satire	"Michelle Obama was ""caught"" wearing Mary Todd Lincoln's stolen jewels."	Was Michelle Obama ‘Caught’ Wearing Mary Todd Lincoln’s Stolen Jewels?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-nobel-prize	In the fall of 2019, it was announced that former first lady Michelle Obama would be the recipient of a Nobel Prize in literature.	Was Michelle Obama Awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-phd-law	Former first lady Michelle Obama completed coursework for a Ph.D. in law after U.S. President Barack Obama left office and her children left home.	Did Michelle Obama ‘Complete’ a Ph.D. in Law Since Leaving White House?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-plagiarized-stephen-r-covey	Michelle Obama plagiarized parts of her 2008 Democratic National Convention speech from 'The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People' author Stephen R. Covey.	Michelle Obama Plagiarized Her 2008 DNC Speech from Stephen R. Covey
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-scrubs-twitter	Michelle Obama deleted all mentions of Hillary Clinton from her Twitter accounts.	Michelle Obama Scrubbed Hillary Clinton from Her Twitter Accounts
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-tacoma-event	Michelle Obama canceled a speaking appearance in Tacoma to avoid a protest by venue workers.	Did Michelle Obama Cancel a Speaking Appearance in Tacoma to Avoid a Labor Protest?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-the-first-woman	Mitt Romney said Michelle Obama should be called the “First Woman,” not the “First Lady.”	Mitt Romney: Michelle Obama Is First Woman, Not First Lady
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-veterans-day	Photograph shows Michelle Obama not saluting the flag during a 2011 Veterans Day ceremony.	Did Michelle Obama Refuse to Salute the U.S. Flag on Veterans Day?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-victorias-secret	"Former U.S. first lady Michelle Obama signed a contract to be the ""public face"" of Victoria's Secret."	Will Michelle Obama Be the New Face of Victoria’s Secret?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obama-white-folks-quote	"Michelle Obama said that ""white folks are what's wrong with America"" during a commencement speech at Tuskegee University."	Did Michelle Obama Say ‘White Folks Are What’s Wrong with America’?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obamas-fake-degrees	Harvard University confirmed that Michelle Obama's degrees are fake.	Did Harvard Admit Michelle Obama’s Degrees Are Fake?
vclaim-sno-michelle-obamas-thesis	Access to Michelle Obama's senior thesis was restricted until after the 2008 presidential election.	Was Michelle Obama’s Thesis Restricted Until After the 2008 Election?
vclaim-sno-michelle-oblurma	A Saudi television station blurred out Michelle Obama’s face during a news broadcast.	Did a Saudi Television Station Blur Out Michelle Obama's Face?
vclaim-sno-michelle-wolf-abortion-joke	"In her Netflix stand-up comedy special ""Joke Show,"" Michelle Wolf joked that having an abortion made her feel ""very powerful"" and akin to God."	Did Comedian Michelle Wolf Joke That Her Abortion Made Her Feel ‘Powerful’ and Godlike?
vclaim-sno-michelle-wolf-hulu-special	Hulu cancelled plans to stream comedian Michelle Wolf’s standup special after her appearance at the 2018 White House Correspondents Dinner.	Did Hulu Cancel Michelle Wolf’s Standup Special?
vclaim-sno-michelle-wolf-newspaper-arrest	A newspaper article from 2015 reported that comedian Michelle Wolf had been arrested for bestiality	Was Comedian Michelle Wolf Once Arrested for Bestiality?
vclaim-sno-michigan-bans-buying-flags	Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer banned the sale or purchase of American flags during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Michigan’s Governor Ban the Sale of American Flags?
vclaim-sno-michigan-county-amish-homes	In 2019, Lenawee County threatened to demolish the homes of several Amish families unless the families brought them into compliance with health codes.	Did a Michigan County Threaten to Demolish Amish Homes Unless They Were Upgraded?
vclaim-sno-michigan-farmers-destroy-cherries	A Michigan farmer was forced to destroy 40,000 edible cherries to make way for cherries imported from outside the U.S.	Michigan Farmers Forced to Destroy Edible Cherries to Prop Up Imports?
vclaim-sno-michigan-is-about-to-sell-100-million-gallons-of-groundwater-to-nestle-for-200	Michigan is about to sell 100 million gallons of groundwater to Nestlé for $200.	Is Michigan About to Sell 100 Million Gallons of Groundwater to Nestlé for $200?
vclaim-sno-michigan-isis	Federal agents raided a mosque near Dearborn, MIchigan and arrested several ISIS combatants planning suicide attacks.	Did Federal Agents Raid a Mosque in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-michigan-licenses-yellow-stars	Michigan lawmakers proposed a bill to mark immigrants' licenses with a yellow star.	Are Michigan Lawmakers Marking Immigrants’ Licenses with Yellow Stars?
vclaim-sno-michigan-mall-encounter-trafficking	A Michigan man said a stranger walking near his wife at a local mall could have been involved in sex trafficking.	Was an Encounter at a Michigan Mall a ‘Possible Trafficking Operation’?
vclaim-sno-michigan-microchips-bill	In June 2020, the Michigan House of Representatives passed legislation that would allow employers to microchip workers on a voluntary basis.	Are Michigan Lawmakers Considering a Bill To Microchip Residents?
vclaim-sno-michigan-right-to-farm-act-repealed	"In June 2016, Michigan residents lost the ""right to farm,"" keep chickens, or maintain bee hives due to a change in existing law."	Michigan Right to Farm Act Repealed
vclaim-sno-michigan-school-flag-ban	Roseville Community Schools banned children from wearing clothing with American flag imagery.	Did a Michigan School District Ban Students from Wearing the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-michigan-senate-crime-against-nature	The state of Michigan has passed a law banning oral and anal sex.	Michigan Senate Passes Law Banning Sodomy?
vclaim-sno-michigan-sharia-zone-banned-bacon	"A ""sharia zone"" in Michigan's 109th congressional district has issued edicts banning bacon and requiring the wearing of burqas in public."	Has a Michigan ‘Sharia Zone’ Banned Bacon and Required the Wearing of Burqas in Public?
vclaim-sno-michigan-state-police-warning	Michigan state police have issued a warning about an online predator named Jason Stallings.	MICHIGAN STATE POLICE WARNING – Jason Stallings
vclaim-sno-michigan-votes-sharia-law	Dearborn, Michigan, has become the first U.S. city to implement Sharia law.	Has a City in Michigan Become the First in the U.S. to Fully Implement Sharia Law?
vclaim-sno-michigan-whitmer-electrified-fence	Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer — who has previously spoken out against the U.S. border wall with Mexico — is getting security upgrades at her official residence that include an 8-foot-tall, electrified fence.	Is Michigan Gov. Whitmer Building an Electrified Fence Around Her Residence?
vclaim-sno-mickey-mouse-racial-caricature	"A racist caricature called ""Jigaboo"" served as the original inspiration for the Mickey Mouse character."	Was Mickey Mouse Modeled After a Racist Caricature Named ‘Jigaboo’?
vclaim-sno-microsoft-crop-circle	"A photograph shows a genuine crop circle resembling a logo for Microsoft Windows and the ""crown"" shape associated with coronaviruses."	Is This Microsoft Logo/Coronavirus Crop Circle Real?
vclaim-sno-microsoft-own-patent-666	"Microsoft owns patent ""666,"" which involves inserting microchips into people to mine their activity for cryptocurrency purposes."	Does Microsoft Own Patent ‘666’ About Implanting Microchips in People?
vclaim-sno-microsoft-patent-chatbot-dead	A patent granted to Microsoft describes a chatbot that enables users to talk to a specific person, alive or dead, based on data gathered from the person’s social media, messages, voice recordings, images, written letters, and more.	Did Microsoft Patent a Chatbot That Lets Users Talk to the Dead?
vclaim-sno-microwave-ear-of-corn-popcorn	You can microwave an ear of corn to make popcorn.	Microwave Ear of Corn Popcorn?
vclaim-sno-microwave-fabric-masks-sanitize	Microwaving fabric masks is a good way to sanitize them for reuse.	Should Fabric Masks Be Sanitized in a Microwave?
vclaim-sno-microwave-safe-pizza	Travelers mistake hotel room safes for microwave ovens.	Hotel Safe Mistaken for Microwave Oven
vclaim-sno-microwave-water-plants	Experiment proves water that has been boiled in a microwave oven is harmful to plants.	Microwaved Water — See What It Does to Plants
vclaim-sno-mid-air-breakup	Photographs show the passenger cabin of an airliner as it broke up in mid-air.	Air France Crash Photos
vclaim-sno-mid-atlantic-accent	The Mid-Atlantic accent originated to adapt to microphones and other available audio and broadcasting technology of the earlier 1900s.	Was the Mid-Atlantic Accent Used Because of Early Microphone Quality?
vclaim-sno-middle-finger-to-the-lord	"Jay Z rapped the words ""Middle finger to the Lord, n***ga grip I'm a boss"" at a Hillary Clinton rally."	Jay Z Rapped the Words ‘Middle Finger to the Lord’ at Hillary Clinton Rally
vclaim-sno-middle-school-break-arms-jumping-off-water-tower-science-project	A photograph shows a middle school student with two broken arms next to a science fair project about jumping off tall buildings.	Did a Student Break Both Arms Jumping Off a Building for a Science Project?
vclaim-sno-middle-school-kavanaugh-sign	"Socialist teachers at South Charlotte Middle School put the message ""Fuck Kavanaugh"" on the school's sign."	Did a Middle School Display the Words ‘F*ck Kavanaugh’ on Their School Sign?
vclaim-sno-migrant-caravan-fleeing-violence-legal	A 1951 United Nations convention gives migrants fleeing violence in their home countries the legal right to enter the United States.	Is it Legal for a Migrant ‘Fleeing Violence’ to Enter the U.S. Without Authorization?
vclaim-sno-migrant-caravaners-suicide-vests	Over 500 members of a caravan of asylum seekers traveling through Mexico to the U.S. border at San Diego were arrested in possession of suicide belts.	Were Over 500 ‘Migrant Caravaners’ Arrested with Suicide Vests?
vclaim-sno-migrant-girl-found	"A migrant girl was found with ""20 types of semen in her."" Also, three people were in quarantine for an ""unknown"" disease."	Was a Migrant Girl Found With ’20 Types of Semen in Her’?
vclaim-sno-migrants-beach-invasion	"Immigrants ""invaded"" a beach, leaving beachgoers ""shocked."""	Did Migrants ‘Invade’ a Beach in Broad Daylight?
vclaim-sno-migrants-mobile-phone-pay	A photograph of Central American asylum seekers using mobile phones calls into question how they pay for those services.	How Are These Migrants Paying for their Mobile Phones?
vclaim-sno-miguel-martinez-transgender-bathroom-controversy	A transgender woman raped a young girl in a women's bathroom because bills were passed allowing transgender people to use bathrooms which correspond with their gender.	Was a Transgender Woman Convicted of Sexually Assaulting a Young Girl in a Bathroom?
vclaim-sno-mikaela-lynch	A 9-year-old autistic girl named Mikaela Lynch is missing from her Clearlake, California, home.	Missing Child: Mikaela Lynch
vclaim-sno-mikala-white	Mikala White is missing from her Cherokee County, Georgia, home.	Missing Child: Mikala White
vclaim-sno-mike-brown-beating-video	A video depicts Mike Brown assaulting an elderly man over a stolen backpack.	Mike Brown Beating Video
vclaim-sno-mike-hutchinson	Prayers are needed for Mike Hutchinson, a missionary serving in Africa who inadvertently ran over a pedestrian and is now in danger of being hanged for the crime.	Mike Hutchinson Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-mike-kennedy-access-hospitals	Rep. Mike Kennedy claimed that access to hospitals kills at least a million Americans per year.	Did Rep. Mike Kennedy Say ‘Access to Hospitals’ Was Responsible for Deaths?
vclaim-sno-mike-lindells-absolute-proof	"OANN published a lengthy disclaimer before the start of My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell's election fraud conspiracy theory video ""Absolute Proof,"" stating that the claims expressed within should be taken as opinions, not facts."	Did Mike Lindell’s ‘Absolute Proof’ Vid on Election Fraud Run with Disclaimer Labeling Content as Opinion?
vclaim-sno-mike-molly-weight-loss	Actress Melissa McCarthy admitted that the TV sitcom Mike & Molly was cancelled due to her weight loss.	‘Mike & Molly’ Cancelled Due to Melissa McCarthy’s Weight Loss?
vclaim-sno-mike-monsoor	Account describes Navy SEALs’ funereal tribute to Medal of Honor recipient Mike Monsoor.	Medal of Honor – Mike Monsoor
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-able-bodied	"Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said homosexuals are ""not as a group able-bodied"" and ""known to carry extremely high rates of disease brought on because of the nature of their sexual practices."""	Mike Pence: Gay People Aren’t ‘Able Bodied’ Enough for Military Service
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-allowing-rape-victims-to-have-abortions-will-lead-to-women-trying-to-get-raped	Mike Pence said that if abortion were allowed in cases of rape, then women would try to get raped in order to have abortions.	Did Mike Pence Say ‘Allowing Rape Victims to Have Abortions Will Lead to Women Trying to Get Raped’?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-blames-media-for-trump-controversies	"Republican VP candidate Mike Pence  proclaimedthat ""the things Donald Trump says wouldn't hurt our campaign half as much if the press didn't report it."""	Mike Pence Blames Media for Trump Controversies?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-calls-michelle-obama-vulgar	"Mike Pence said Michelle Obama ""is the most vulgar First Lady we've ever had."""	Pence: ‘Michelle Obama Is the Most Vulgar First Lady We’ve Ever Had’
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-condom-ban	Mike Pence called for a condom ban because he said their use leads to abortions.	Mike Pence Calls for a Ban on Condoms Because ‘They Lead to Abortions’
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-condoms-are-too-modern-and-liberal	"Mike Pence once said that condoms are ""too modern"" and ""too liberal"" and offer a poor defense against sexually transmitted diseases."	Did Mike Pence Say ‘Condoms Are Too Modern and Liberal’?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-confederate-flag	A photograph shows U.S. Vice President Mike Pence waving a Confederate flag.	Is Mike Pence Waving a Confederate Flag in This Photo?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-conservatives-womens-march	"Vice President Mike Pence claimed that ""well over half"" of the people at the Womens' March on Washington supported President Donald Trump."	Did Mike Pence Say Trump Supporters Made Up ‘More Than Half’ of Womens’ March?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-conversion-therapy	Mike Pence credited 'gay conversion therapy' with saving his marriage.	Mike Pence: Gay Conversion Therapy Saved My Marriage
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-disappointed-womens-march	Mike Pence said that he was disappointed in husbands and fathers for allowing women to participaite in the Women's March.	Was Mike Pence Disappointed in Men for Allowing the Women’s March?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-gay-aliens	"Vice President Mike Pence proposed using a planned U.S. ""Space Force"" to defend against attacks from ""outer-space gays."""	Did Vice President Mike Pence Warn Against ‘Gay Aliens’?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-homo-sapiens	"U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said he doesn't like to use the scientific term ""homo sapiens"" because it's ""unnecessarily sexual."""	Did Mike Pence Say He Won’t Utter the Words ‘Homo Sapiens’?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-jesus-care	"Vice President Mike Pence said, ""What the American people need is not more health care. What we need is more Jesus care."""	Did Mike Pence Say Americans Need More ‘Jesus Care,’ Not Health Care?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-laments-no-sacrifice	Vice President Mike Pence openly lamented God never asked him to sacrifice one of his children, but he was prepared in the event that a sacrifice of a grandchild was requested of him.	Did Vice President Mike Pence Lament That God Never Asked Him to Sacrifice His Children?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-marriage-licenses	Mike Pence signed a bill barring same-sex couples from seeking marriage licenses in Indiana.	Mike Pence Tried to Jail Same-Sex Couples for Seeking Marriage Licenses?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-muslim-ban-offensive	"Mike Pence tweeted that calls to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. are ""offensive and unconstitutional."""	Mike Pence Said Calls to Ban Muslims Are ‘Offensive and Unconstitutional’?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-opposes-vice	"Republican VP candidate Mike Pence doesn't want to be referred to as the vice president because he opposes use of the word ""vice"" on religious grounds."	Mike Pence Opposes Word ‘Vice’ on Religious Grounds, Doesn’t Want to Be Called Vice Presidential Candidate
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-porter-bible	Vice President Mike Pence said that White House aide Rob Porter's purported domestic abuse was supported by the Bible.	Did Mike Pence Defend Rob Porter’s Domestic Abuse with a Bible Verse?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-rush-limbaugh	"Former U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said ""America lost a Giant"" in reference to radio host Rush Limbaugh's passing."	Did Mike Pence Say ‘America Lost a Giant’ About Rush Limbaugh?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-say-only-guilty-people-hire-criminal-defense-attorneys	"Vice President Mike Pence said that ""only guilty people need to hire a criminal defense attorney."""	Did Mike Pence Say That ‘Only Guilty People’ Hire Criminal Defense Attorneys?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-smoking	Mike Pence declared that smoking doesn't kill people.	Did Mike Pence Declare That Smoking Doesn’t Kill?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-staffers-die	Mike Pence and 23 staff members were killed in a plane crash.	Mike Pence and His 23 Staff Members Die After Airline Accident?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-supported-gay-conversion-therapy	"Mike Pence supported ""gay conversion"" therapy, including the use of electroshock therapy."	Did Mike Pence Support ‘Gay Conversion’ Therapy?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-to-resign	Vice President Mike Pence will resign on 1 January 2019 at the request of President Trump.	Is Mike Pence Slated to Resign at the Request of President Trump?
vclaim-sno-mike-pence-visit-to-iceland	Vice President Mike Pence was kicked out of Iceland due to his religious beliefs.	Was Mike Pence Kicked Out of Iceland?
vclaim-sno-mike-pences-brother-russian-military	One of Vice President Mike Pence's older brothers, Ed Pence, is an executive at Cummins Inc., a company that manufactures engines for the Russian military and has also used lobbying firms connected with Paul Manafort, indicating that Mike Pence may have compromising ties to Russia.	Does Mike Pence’s Brother Make Engines for the Russian Military?
vclaim-sno-mike-pences-father-ran-whites-only-gas-stations	Mike Pence's parents operated a chain of  'whites only' gas stations.	Mike Pence’s Father Ran ‘Whites Only’ Gas Stations?
vclaim-sno-mike-pences-gay-past	A photograph shows a young Mike Pence with his chest exposed.	Does This Photograph Document Mike Pence’s ‘Gay Past’?
vclaim-sno-mike-rowe-unleashes-hell-on-hillary	"Mike Rowe ""unleashed hell"" on Hillary Clinton after she refused to donate to his charity."	Mike Rowe ‘Unleashes Hell On Hillary’
vclaim-sno-mike-shirkey-capitol-riot-hoax	During a lunch with leaders of the Hillsdale County Republican Party held on Feb. 3, 2021, Michigan state Senate Majority Leader Mike Shirkey suggested that the Jan. 6 riot at the U.S. Capitol was a “hoax.”	Did Michigan Sen. Mike Shirkey Suggest Capitol Riot Was ‘Hoax’ in Leaked Video?
vclaim-sno-mike-tyson-time-traveler	A video shows a time-traveling spectator using a camera phone to take photographs at a Mike Tyson fight back in 1995.	Does This Video Capture a Time Traveler at a 1995 Mike Tyson Fight?
vclaim-sno-milagros-cerron-facebook-appeal	Facebook and CNN are contributing money towards the treatment of a girl born with fused legs every time a message is shared.	Milagros Cerron Facebook Appeal
vclaim-sno-miles-from-home	Musician Miles Davis made a crude remark upon meeting First Lady Nancy Reagan.	Miles Davis Insults Nancy Reagan?
vclaim-sno-miley-cyrus-death-hoax	Singer Miley Cyrus drowned in a bathtub due to a prescription drug overdose.	Miley Cyrus Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-miley-cyrus-jeffrey-epstein	A photograph shows pop music star Miley Cyrus with convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.	Is This Miley Cyrus with Jeffrey Epstein?
vclaim-sno-miley-cyrus-nuked-trump-president	Miley Cyrus said she would prefer a North Korean nuclear attack on the US to the presidency of Donald Trump.	Miley Cyrus Would ‘Rather Get Nuked’ by North Korea Than Have Donald Trump as President?
vclaim-sno-miley-cyrus-worship-satan	Pop singer Miley Cyrus told a group of fans to worship Satan if they want to be rich and famous like their heroes.	Did Miley Cyrus Tell Fans to Worship Satan If They Want to Be Rich and Famous?
vclaim-sno-military-absentee-ballots-clinton	"Delayed military absentee ballots would have ""swung"" the presidential election for Hillary Clinton if they had been counted on time."	Military Absentee Ballots Delivered One Day Late Would Have Swung Election for Clinton
vclaim-sno-military-absentee-ballots	Uncounted military absentee ballots delivered after the voting deadline would have won the 2012 presidential election for Mitt Romney.	Military Absentee Ballots Delivered One Day Late
vclaim-sno-military-band-hit-the-road-jack	Before U.S. President-elect Joe Biden’s Jan. 20, 2021, inauguration, the Army band practiced “Hit the Road Jack” outside of the White House, where then-President Donald Trump was still in residence.	Did Military Band Play ‘Hit the Road Jack’ Outside the White House?
vclaim-sno-military-funerals	The White House ordered a change to military funeral protocol to remove references to the President of the United States.	Change in Military Funeral Protocol
vclaim-sno-military-pay-freeze	President Obama plans to implement a pay freeze for active duty military personnel in 2011.	Military Pay Freeze
vclaim-sno-military-plans-gun-confiscations	The military has secretly drawn up plans to round up large numbers of privately-owned firearms from American gun owners.	Is the Military Drawing Up Plans for Nationwide Gun Confiscations?
vclaim-sno-military-retirement-trump-wall	The U.S. Department of Defense planned to reduce the funding available for a military-retirement program in order to contribute to the construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall.	Did the Pentagon Plan to Cut Military Retirement Funding to Pay for Trump’s Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-military-spent-1-billion	The military spent $1 billion on a new assault vehicle whose front featured a giant rolling ball.	Did the Military Spend $1 Billion on This ‘New Vehicle’?
vclaim-sno-military-spouses-white-house	Image depicts a military spouses gathering at the White House, and no people of color were included.	Does This Photograph Show Only White Military Spouses at the White House?
vclaim-sno-military-trump-60-days	Under former U.S. President Donald Trump, Congress passed a law that gives outgoing presidential administrations control of American armed forces after Inauguration Day, for up to 60 days.	Does Trump Control US Military for 60 Days After Leaving Office?
vclaim-sno-military-widow-powerball-florida	The Florida Powerball winner is a 32-year-old military widow named  Candice Withers.	FALSE: Military Widow Comes Forward with Winning Powerball Ticket in Florida
vclaim-sno-militia-bidens-inauguration	"On Jan. 20, 2021, millions of people will gather for the ""Million Militia March""  in Washington, D.C., hoping to prevent U.S. President-elect Joe Biden’s inauguration, and to protect the capital and national monuments against “proven-violent Leftist insurgents.”"	Will ‘Million Militia March’ Try To Stop Biden’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-milk-bone-facebook-warning	Milk-Bone dog treats cause cancer in one of every two dogs that eat them.	Milk-Bone Facebook Warning
vclaim-sno-milk-class-action-lawsuit-settlement	Anyone who bought milk after 2003 can be compensated under the terms of a class action lawsuit.	Is Everyone Who Bought Milk Since 2003 Covered Under a Class Action Settlement?
vclaim-sno-milk-of-human-kindness	Photograph shows a police officer delivering milk to a Watertown family during a stay-in-place order.	Milk Delivery
vclaim-sno-milkshakes-thrown-in-portland	Milkshakes containing cement were thrown during protests in Portland in late June 2019.	Did Milkshakes Thrown in Portland Protests Contain Cement?
vclaim-sno-milky-way-perseverance-mars-rover	A photograph captured by the Perseverance Mars rover in February 2021 showed the Milky Way from the surface of the red planet.	Does This Photo Show the Milky Way From Perseverance Mars Rover?
vclaim-sno-millenial-couple-isis-tajikistan	"Americans Jay Austin and Lauren Geoghegan were killed in Tajikistan while cycling through ""Isis territory"" in order to vindicate their belief in human kindness."	Were an American Couple Killed by Isis While Trying to ‘Prove Humans Are Kind’?
vclaim-sno-millennial-testicles-bernie-funds	Jared Michelle sold his testicles to raise money in support of Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign.	Did a Brave Millennial Sell His Testicles to Raise Money for Bernie’s 2020 Campaign?
vclaim-sno-million-dollar-comma	A misplaced comma once deprived the U.S. government of an estimated $1 million in revenues.	The Million-Dollar Comma
vclaim-sno-million-dollar-shady	Artist Lana Newstrom is creating invisible art and selling it for millions of dollars.	Lana Newstrom, Invisible Artist
vclaim-sno-million-error	A customer closed out his million-dollar account after his bank refused to validate a 50-cent parking ticket.	Did a Millionaire Fire His Bank Because It Did Not Validate Parking?
vclaim-sno-million-maga-nazi-banner	A photograph taken at the 'Million MAGA March' in November 2020 shows Nazi and Confederate flags on display.	Is This a Photo of a Nazi Flag from the ‘Million MAGA March’?
vclaim-sno-million-man-march-will-smith	"Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith donated $150,000 to a ""black Muslim"" who called for the murder of all whites."	Did Will Smith Donate $150,000 to a ‘Terrorist Organization’?
vclaim-sno-millionaire-horsepower-llamathrust	"A contestant on ""Who Wants to Be a Millionaire"" needed audience assistance in defining ""horsepower,"" as opposed to ""llamathrust"" and ""zebraforce."""	Did a Game Show Contestant Need Help Distinguishing Horsepower From ‘Llamathrust’?
vclaim-sno-millions-mail-in-ballots	Millions of mail-in ballots were improperly sent to people who did not request them in the 2020 election.	Were Millions of Mail-in Ballots Wrongly Sent to People Who Didn’t Request Them?
vclaim-sno-millions-of-muslims-marched-against-the-islamic-state	"Millions of Muslims protested against the Islamic State in November 2016, but a ""media blackout"" prevented people from hearing about the event."	Millions of Muslims March Against the Islamic State?
vclaim-sno-mind-control	A baby was born with two separate minds enclosed in one head.	Baby Born with Two Minds in Same Body in India
vclaim-sno-minecraft-for-mein-kampf-mixup	"A video shows a grandparent gifting a copy of ""Mein Kampf"" to a grandchild who requested Minecraft for Christmas."	Did This ‘Minecraft’ for ‘Mein Kampf’ Verbal Mix-Up Really Happen?
vclaim-sno-minecraft-sex-mods	"Minecraft has a newly-discovered ""sex mod"" of which parents should be aware and exercise caution (or restrict the game from their children entirely)."	Minecraft ‘Sex Mods’
vclaim-sno-minks-on-the-slink	The Swedish navy once mistook minks for enemy submarines.	Minks Mistaken for Submarines
vclaim-sno-minkus-became-chanel-west-coast	The actor who played Stuart Minkus on the television series Boy Meets World become the actress Chanel West Coast.	Did Stuart Minkus Become Chanel West Coast?
vclaim-sno-minneapolis-burnt-car-protests	A photograph shows a burnt-out car amidst the wreckage of protests in Minneapolis following the May 2020 death of George Floyd.	Is This a Burnt-Out Car From Police-Brutality Protests in Minneapolis?
vclaim-sno-minneapolis-mayor-muslim-sacrifice	"The Mayor of Minneapolis didn't allow fireworks on the 4th of July, but he did allow a ""Muslim animal sacrifice"" at Vikings Stadium."	Did the Mayor of Minneapolis Cancel 4th of July Fireworks But Allow a Muslim Animal Sacrifice at Vikings Stadium?
vclaim-sno-minneapolis-muslims-force-government-to-provide-halal-items-at-food-shelves	Taxpayers are picking up the tab for food shelves in Minneapolis to provide halal food to Muslims on welfare.	Did Minneapolis Muslims ‘Force’ the Government to Provide Halal Food?
vclaim-sno-minneapolis-police-advisory	Minneapolis police advised residents to submit to robbers after the city defunded the police department.	Did Minneapolis Police Tell Residents to ‘Cooperate’ With Robbers After City Defunded Cops?
vclaim-sno-minneapolis-sharia-hotline-islam	"Minneapolis set up a ""Sharia"" telephone hotline inviting residents to report on those who criticize Islam."	Did Minneapolis Launch a ‘Sharia’ Hotline to Report Anyone Who Criticizes Islam?
vclaim-sno-minnesota-billboards-trump	A group of Republicans in Minnesota erected billboards criticizing President Donald Trump in late 2017.	Did a Republican Group Post Anti-Trump Billboards in Minnesota?
vclaim-sno-minnesota-letter-harmful-christmas	"An image showed a letter complaining of the ""harmful impact"" of Christmas light displays that was sent to a Minnesota resident ."	Was Anonymous Letter Decrying ‘Harmful Impact’ of Christmas Lights Sent to Minnesota Resident?
vclaim-sno-minnesota-school-walkout-gun	A high school principal in Minnesota singled out a pro-gun rights student during a pro-gun control protest and escorted him off campus.	Did a High School Principal Target a Pro-Gun Rights Student During a Protest for Gun Control?
vclaim-sno-minnesota-schools-arabic	Minnesota public schools made learning Arabic mandatory.	Did Minnesota Schools Make Arabic Classes Mandatory?
vclaim-sno-minnesota-vikings-open-their-stadium-to-shelter-the-homeless	The Minnesota Vikings opened Bank Stadium to shelter the homeless on a frigid night in December 2016.	Minnesota Vikings Open Their Stadium to Shelter the Homeless
vclaim-sno-minutes-taken	James T. Kirk said that “A meeting is an event where minutes are taken and hours wasted.”	James T. Kirk on Meetings
vclaim-sno-miracle-on-ice	Jean Hilliard made a full recovery after she was found frozen in sub-zero temperatures.	Jean Hilliard: Miracle on Ice
vclaim-sno-miracle-witness	A historian recently discovered an eyewitness account of Jesus’ performing a miracle.	Historian Discovers Eyewitness Account of Jesus Performing a Miracle.
vclaim-sno-miranda-cosgrove-arrested-prostitution	Actress Miranda Cosgrove was arrested for prostitution in July 2017.	Miranda Cosgrove Arrested for Prostitution?
vclaim-sno-miriam-adelson-medal-of-freedom	Miriam Adelson was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom for donating to a fund created to help Trump associates who were prosecuted in the Russia investigation with their legal bills.	Was Miriam Adelson Honored for Donating Money to Help Trump Aides with Legal Expenses?
vclaim-sno-miriam-loomis-found-dead-clinton-estate	The remains of a woman who went missing in 1985 were found on the property of Bill and Hillary Clinton.	Woman Found on Clinton Estate Dead, Tortured, and Malnourished?
vclaim-sno-mis-steak	"The cut of steak known as ""sirloin"" is so named because an English king once knighted a piece of beef."	Etymology of Sirloin
vclaim-sno-misaligned-bridge-photo	A photograph shows a misaligned bridge.	Does This Photograph Show a Misaligned Bridge?
vclaim-sno-miscaptioned-welcome-home-daddy	A photograph shows a pregnant woman waiting to welcome home a military husband who couldn't have fathered the child she's carrying.	Welcome Home, Daddy!
vclaim-sno-misha-collins-intern-bill-clinton	Actor Misha Collins interned at the White House during U.S. President Bill Clinton's administration.	Did ‘Supernatural’ Star Misha Collins Intern for the Clinton Administration?
vclaim-sno-misplaced-trust	snopes.com has deemed the Facebook group 'Stop the World, the Teabaggers Want Off' as the 'Most Accurate Page on Facebook.'	'Stop the World, the Teabaggers Want Off' Is by Far the Most Accurate Page on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-miss-me-yet	Photograph shows a Minnesota billboard bearing a picture of smiling President	Miss Me Yet?
vclaim-sno-missile-strike-nashville-explosion	An explosion in Nashville, Tennessee, on Dec. 25, 2020, was caused by a missile or a direct-energy weapon.	Did a Missile Cause the Nashville Explosion?
vclaim-sno-missing-child-jeremiah	A four-year-old boy named Jeremiah is missing from his Nashville-area home.	Missing Child: Jeremiah
vclaim-sno-missing-child-rosemary-gullett	A 15-year-old girl named Rosemary Gullett is missing from her Portland, Oregon, home.	Missing Child: Rosemary Gullett
vclaim-sno-missing-person-aaron-wade-sisco	A 24-year-old Texas man named Aaron Wade Sisco is missing.	Aaron Wade Sisco
vclaim-sno-missing-persons-cave-maps	A comparison of two maps shows how most people in the United States seem to go missing near cave systems.	Does Map of Missing Persons in US Match Up with Cave Systems?
vclaim-sno-missing-planes	Eleven passenger planes are missing from an airport in Libya.	Are 11 Planes Missing from an Airport in Libya
vclaim-sno-missing-usa	Video shows Miss USA contestants responding to the question of whether math should be taught in schools.	Miss USA – Should Math Be Taught in Schools?
vclaim-sno-missing-votes-trump-california	Some 9.7 million votes for U.S. President Donald Trump's reelection were missing in California in November 2020.	Are 9.7M Votes for Trump Missing in California?
vclaim-sno-mississippi-bill-churches-lethal	Mississippi has passed a bill granting churchgoers the right to shoot and kill citizens at will.	Mississippi Bill Grants Churches ‘Lethal Force’ Powers
vclaim-sno-mississippi-fractions	The Mississippi state legislature removed fractions and decimal points from the mathematics curriculum of public secondary schools.	Mississippi Fractions
vclaim-sno-mississippi-meets-gulf-mexico	A photograh showing a body of water with two distinct colors is a permanent location where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf of Mexico.	Where the Mississippi River Meets the Gulf of Mexico
vclaim-sno-mississippi-river-going-dry	"The Mississippi River is ""going dry"" as it drains into a fault line."	Is the Mississippi River Going Dry?
vclaim-sno-missouri-licenses	"The Missouri state government issued ""nigger hunting"" licenses."	Does This Photograph Show a Missouri ‘Nigger Hunting’ License?
vclaim-sno-missouri-prison-librarians-library	HB 2044, a bill before the Missouri state House of Representatives, could lead to the imprisonment of librarians for failing to comply with its provisions.	Did a Missouri Bill Propose Imprisoning Librarians?
vclaim-sno-missouri-propane-tank-bomb-warning	An FBI field agent quietly warned a Missouri sheriff's department that a propane bomb attack is expected around Christmas.	Missouri Propane Tank Bomb Terror Warning
vclaim-sno-missouri-republicans-pass-law-lowering-minimum-wage	Missouri Republicans passed a bill to lower the minimum wage in St. Louis from $10 an hour to $7.70.	Did Missouri Republicans Pass a Law Lowering the St. Louis Minimum Wage from $10 to $7.70?
vclaim-sno-missouri-schools-death-waiver	A Missouri school district asked parents to sign a COVID-19 liability waiver in advance of the 2020-2021 school year.	Did Missouri Schools Require Parents Sign COVID-19 ‘Death’ Waivers?
vclaim-sno-missouri-staple-students-lips	A teacher in Missouri stapled a student's lips closed.	Did a Missouri Teacher Staple Her Student’s Lips Shut?
vclaim-sno-misspelled-tickets-trump-state-uniom	"Tickets issued for President Trump's first State of the Union address contain a misspelling of the word ""union."""	Misspelled Tickets Issued for ‘State of the Uniom’ Address?
vclaim-sno-mister-880	Law enforcement's search for a prolific counterfeiter of one-dollar bills lasted ten years.	Mister 880
vclaim-sno-mister-ed-zebra	Mister Ed, the talking equine of television fame, was a horse.	Mister Ed was a Zebra
vclaim-sno-mister-rogers-9-11-address	A video shows PBS children's TV host Mr. Rogers addressing the nation after 9/11.	Does a Video Show Mr. Rogers Addressing the Nation After 9/11?
vclaim-sno-mit-pirate-certificate	"MIT offers a ""pirate certificate"" to students who complete four physical education courses."	Does MIT Offer Students a ‘Pirate Certificate’?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-block-russia	Mitch McConnell said he would block the appointment of a special counsel to investigate Russian election interference	Did Mitch McConnell Vow to Block the Appointment of a Russia Investigation Special Prosecutor?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-blocked-investigating-russian-hacks	Republican Sen. Mitch McConnell blocked a bipartisan committee from investigating purported Russian hacks.	Mitch McConnell Blocked New Bipartisan Panel From Investigating Russian Hacks?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-blow-off-trump-haircut	In August 2017, when tensions between President Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell were at their highest, the latter blew off an invitation to meet with the president because he had a haircut appointment.	Did Mitch McConnell Blow Off President Trump to Get a Haircut?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-debate-female	U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell said he would not participate in 2020 election debates that include female moderators.	Did McConnell Refuse To Participate in Debate With Female Moderators?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-net-worth	Senator Mitch McConnell increased his net worth by $2.4 million every year for a decade while in office.	Did U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell Increase His Net Worth by ‘Nearly $2.4 Million Every Year for a Decade’?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-one-of-my-proudest-moments	"In 2016, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said: ""One of my proudest moments was when I told Obama, 'You will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy,'"" and in 2017, he said, ""Apparently there's yet a new standard now, which is not to confirm a Supreme Court nominee at all. I think that's something the American people simply will not tolerate."""	Did Mitch McConnell Say One of His Proudest Moments Was Telling Obama ‘You Will Not Fill This Supreme Court Vacancy’?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-polio-government-healthcare	The U.S. government funded Mitch McConnell's care and rehabilitation when he had polio as a child.	Did the U.S. Government Pay for Mitch McConnell’s Polio Care in the 1940s?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnell-supreme-court	Mitch McConnell will only consider approving Supreme Court Justice who is white, Christian, conservative, and male.	Mitch McConnell Will Only Consider a White, Christian, Conservative, and Male Supreme Court Judge?
vclaim-sno-mitch-mcconnells-hands	An AP-distributed photograph shows Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's hands looking bruised and discolored.	Is This a Photograph of Mitch McConnell’s Bruised and Discolored Hands?
vclaim-sno-mitt-romney-march-with-demonstrators	U.S. Sen. Mitt Romney participated in a June 7, 2020 civil rights protest.	Did Mitt Romney March with Demonstrators?
vclaim-sno-mitt-romneys-phone	Mitt Romney's name was found in Jeffrey Epstein's phone.	Was Mitt Romney’s Name Found in Jeffrey Epstein’s Phone?
vclaim-sno-mittens-bernie-sanders	High federal taxes forced Jen Ellis, the creator of U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders' meme-famous mittens, to stop selling recycled wool products.	Was Creator of ‘Bernie Mittens’ Taxed Out of Business?
vclaim-sno-mixture-bill-nye-booed-waco	Residents in Waco, Texas booed Bill Nye The Science Guy for saying that the moon reflects light from the sun.	Bill Nye Booed in Waco?
vclaim-sno-mixture-obama-195-million-muslim-holiday	President Obama gave Syria $195 million to celebrate a Muslim holiday.	Did Obama Give Syria $195 Million to Celebrate a Muslim Holiday?
vclaim-sno-mlk-add-to-rushmore	Ten Democratic Congressmen demanded that Mount Rushmore be altered to accommodate the likeness of Martin Luther King, Jr.	Do Democrats Want to Add Martin Luther King to Mount Rushmore?
vclaim-sno-mlk-bust-oval-office	Donald Trump had a bust of Marin Luther King, Jr. removed from display in the Oval Office on his first day in the White House.	Did Trump Remove a MLK Bust from the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-mlk-capitalism-flow	"Martin Luther King Jr. said that ""capitalism does not permit an even flow of economic resources."""	Did MLK Say This About Capitalism?
vclaim-sno-mlk-education-fact-fiction	Martin Luther King Jr. said that one of the main purposes of education is to teach people how to tell fact from fiction.	Did MLK Jr. Say the Purpose of Education Is To Sort Fact From Fiction?
vclaim-sno-mlk-flip-off	A photograph shows Martin Luther King Jr. flipping the bird at a photographer.	Did Martin Luther King Jr. ‘Flip the Bird’ at a Photographer?
vclaim-sno-mlk-hospital-photo	A photograph shows MLK recuperating from a shooting just before he was smothered in his hospital bed.	Was MLK Smothered in His Hospital Bed?
vclaim-sno-mlk-jr-dog-police-car	A photograph shows Martin Luther King Jr. in the back seat of a police car, along with a dog that was put there by officers an attempt to intimidate him.	Is This a Picture of Martin Luther King and a Police Dog Used to Intimidate Him?
vclaim-sno-mlk-our-lives-begin-to-end	"Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said ""Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter."""	Did MLK Say ‘Our Lives Begin to End the Day We Become Silent’?
vclaim-sno-moa-troodon-claw-photo	A photograph shows the preserved claw of a dinosaur called troodon.	The Claw of Troodon
vclaim-sno-moab-radioactive-fallout	The Massive Ordnance Air Blast, first used by the United States military in April 2017, is capable of releasing toxic radiation into the atmosphere on a global scale.	Could the ‘Mother of All Bombs’ Produce Radioactive Fallout?
vclaim-sno-mobile-gas-chamber	A video shows a group of Muslims being loaded into a mobile gas chamber.	Does This Video Show Muslims Being Herded Into a Mobile Gas Chamber?
vclaim-sno-mobile-home-origin	Mobile homes are so named because they can be moved from place to place.	Mobile Home Origin
vclaim-sno-mobile-phone-sim-card-swap	"Cellphone users are being increasingly targeted by a ""SIM swap fraud,"" in which their phones will briefly stop working before they receive a call tricking them into surrendering their information."	Are Mobile Phone Users Vulnerable to ‘SIM Swap’ Fraud Through Phone Calls?
vclaim-sno-moby-nicked	A student in a marine biology class turns in a term paper which includes a lavishly-drawn illustration of a whale and receives an A.  The next year a different student copies the paper, submits it, and also receives an A.  The third student to hand in the same paper, however, neglects to include the drawing of the whale and receives only a B from the professor and his written comment: “I liked it better with the whale.”	Term Paper With Whale
vclaim-sno-moderation-coup	The government is arresting citizens for anti-Obama Facebook posts.	Is the Government Arresting People for Anti-Obama Facebook Posts?
vclaim-sno-moderna-conspiracy	Viral text accurately outlines how biotechnology company Moderna is linked to Dr. Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, George Soros, and Jeffrey Epstein.	Is Moderna Tied to Fauci, Gates, Soros, and Epstein?
vclaim-sno-mohammed-atta-released-911	Mohammed Atta, a convicted terrorist released by Israel at the insistence of the U.S., participated in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	Mohammed Atta Released by Israel
vclaim-sno-moira-rose-home-alone	"The actress who played a character named Moira Rose on the show ""Schitt's Creek"" is the same actress who played Kevin's mom in ""Home Alone."""	Are Moira Rose From ‘Schitt’s Creek’ and Kevin’s Mom From ‘Home Alone’ Played by the Same Actress?
vclaim-sno-mojave-cross	The ACLU sought to have a cross removed from the Mojave National Preserve in California.	Mojave Cross
vclaim-sno-molehill-of-beans	Homeowner wrecks his house and an expensive new car in an attempt to kill moles.	The Molehill
vclaim-sno-molly-barnes	15-year-old Molly Barnes is missing.	Missing Child: Molly Barnes
vclaim-sno-molly-switcher	Oregon has become the first state to legalize the street drug Molly.	DId Oregon Become the First State to Legalize Molly?
vclaim-sno-molly	Molly is a dangerous recreational drug made from cocaine, crack, ecstasy, meth and bath salt.	Molly – Very Dangerous Drug
vclaim-sno-mom-shaves-daughters-head	A video shows a mother forcibly shaving her daughter's head as punishment for making fun of a bald cancer patient.	Did a Mom Shave Her Daughter’s Head After She Bullied a Girl with Cancer?
vclaim-sno-mom-stabs-baby-video	A video shows a woman stabbing her baby to death to gain revenge on her boyfriend.	Did a Woman Stab Her Baby to Get Revenge on Her Boyfriend?
vclaim-sno-mom-tear-gas-photo	A photograph of a migrant mother and her children fleeing a tear gas attack near a border crossing was staged.	Was the ‘Illegal Alien Mom with Kids’ Photograph Staged?
vclaim-sno-moment-of-silence-holocaust	Observing an individual moment of silence for each Jewish victim of the holocaust would take over 11 years.	How Long Would a Moment of Silence for Each Holocaust Victim Take?
vclaim-sno-moms-for-mitt	Ann Romney said men “deserve to be paid at a higher rate” than women.	Ann Romney: Moms for Mitt
vclaim-sno-money-bags	The month of August will include five Saturdays, five Sundays, and five Mondays, a phenomenon that occurs only once every 800+ years.	‘Money Bags’ Calendar
vclaim-sno-money-cash-no	A new law just passed in Louisiana makes it illegal to purchase used items with cash in that state.	Louisiana Makes It Illegal to Use Cash to Buy Used Goods?
vclaim-sno-money-tree	A bank issued a credit card to a tree.	Credit Card Issued to a Tree
vclaim-sno-monica-lewinsky-found-dead	Monica Lewinsky was found dead after a robbery.	Monica Lewinsky Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-monica-lewinsky-net-worth	Monica Lewinsky left behind a net worth that stunned her family.	Did Monica Lewinsky ‘Leave Behind’ a ‘Stunning’ Net Worth?
vclaim-sno-monica-lewinsky-son-dead	"Monica Lewinsky's son ""David"" was found dead in Central Park."	Did Monica Lewinsky Have a Son Who Was Found Dead in New York City?
vclaim-sno-monica-lewinsky-trump-tweet	"Monica Lewinsky offered to ""take one for (the) team"" and perform oral sex in order to get President Donald Trump impeached."	Did Monica Lewinsky Offer to ‘Take One For (the) Team’ to Get Trump Impeached?
vclaim-sno-monica-lewinsky-voting-for-hillary-clinton	Monica Lewinsky has announced she's voting for Hillary Clinton.	Monica Lewinsky Says She Is Voting for Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-monica-petersen-killed	Monica Petersen was killed after she discovered that the Clinton Foundation was involved in a child sex trafficking ring in Haiti.	Was Monica Petersen Killed for Investigating Clinton-Related Sex Trafficking in Haiti?
vclaim-sno-monkey-business	Costco pulled a racially offensive “Cuddle With Me” doll from its store shelves.	Cuddle With Me Doll
vclaim-sno-monkey-cosmetics-testing	A video shows a monkey that was severely injured at a L'Oreal cosmetics testing facility.	Does a Video Show an Abused Monkey at a L’Oreal Animal Testing Facility?
vclaim-sno-monkeys-huddled-burnt-forest	A photograph shows a group of monkeys huddled together near a burnt-out forest.	Are These Monkeys Huddled Near a Burnt-Out Forest?
vclaim-sno-monolith-california	"A new mysterious ""monolith"" was found in California."	Was a Third ‘Monolith’ Found in California?
vclaim-sno-monolith-found-utah	Photographs show a metallic, nonnatural monolith that was discovered in Utah.	Was a Mysterious Monolith Found in Utah?
vclaim-sno-monopoly-games-escape-kits	Maps and other escape aids were smuggled to Allied POWs in Monopoly sets during World War II.	Were Escape Kits Smuggled to WWII POWs in Monopoly Games?
vclaim-sno-monsanto-buys-whole-foods	Monsanto has purchased or merged with the Whole Foods Market grocery chain.	Monsanto Buys Whole Foods
vclaim-sno-monsanto-corn	Studies have demonstrated that Monsanto-developed corn contains toxins that cause organ failure in rats and adverse effects in pregnant women.	Monsanto Corn
vclaim-sno-monsanto-modified-marijuana-patent	Monsanto has patented the first genetically modified strain of marijuana.	Did Monsanto Create the First Genetically Modified Strain of Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-monsanto-owned-companies	List details food companies owned by Monsanto.	Monsanto-Owned Companies
vclaim-sno-monsanto-protection-act	The Monsanto Protection Act creates a “precedent-setting limitation on	Monsanto Protection Act
vclaim-sno-monsanto-suppressing-evidence-of-cancerous-herbicide-in-food	A new analysis of the residue on common American foods showed high levels of the herbicide glyphosate and Monsanto, the EPA, and the FDA are in cahoots to silence word of the chemical’s harmful effects and its high concentration in foods.	Is Monsanto Suppressing Evidence of a Cancerous Herbicide in Food?
vclaim-sno-monster-bullfrog	A photograph shows a man holding a 13-pound bullfrog.	Is This ‘Monster Bullfrog’ Real?
vclaim-sno-monster-energy-caffeinated-ham	"A photograph shows a new ""Energy Ham"" product from Monster Energy."	Is Monster Energy Selling Caffeinated Ham?
vclaim-sno-monster-energy-drink-666	Monster brand energy drink uses a Hebrew version of 666 in their logo.	Does the Monster Energy Drink Logo Include the Number 666?
vclaim-sno-monsters-inc-sex-drawing	"A drawing of a sex act can be spotted in the closing scenes of the movie ""Monsters, Inc."""	Hidden Sex Drawing in ‘Monsters, Inc.’ Scene
vclaim-sno-monstrous-paws-alabama	A trail cam in Alabama snapped a photograph of an unknown creature's horrifying feet in March 2018.	Were These Monstrous Paws Photographed in Alabama?
vclaim-sno-montana-beef	Account describes President Obama’s August 2009 town hall meeting in Montana.	Bozeman Town Hall Meeting
vclaim-sno-montana-firearms-freedom-act	The state of Montana passed a law nullifying federal authority to regulate guns in that state.	Montana Firearms Freedom Act
vclaim-sno-montana-jerky-human-meat	In 2020, police in Montana arrested a man after the jerky he sold was found to contain human meat.	Did a Montana Man Sell Jerky Made From Human Meat?
vclaim-sno-montana-libertarian-endorsement	A Libertarian candidate for a U.S. Senate seat in Montana ended his run and endorsed a Republican.	Did a Montana Libertarian End His Senate Run and Endorse a Republican?
vclaim-sno-montgomery-gang-initiation	Gang initiates in Montgomery, Alabama, accost victims in the parking lots of small stores, then make off with their victims’ vehicles and personal belongings.	Montgomery Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-montgomery-rape-attempt	Gang initiates in Montgomery, Alabama, are sneaking into cars at service stations and raping white female motorists.	Montgomery Rape Attempt
vclaim-sno-month-end-closeout	Facebook will be closed for maintenance on Feb. 29, 30, and 31.	Facebook Closed Feb. 29-30-31?
vclaim-sno-monthly-refugee-benefits	Each refugee in Canada receives $3,874 every month from the government under the Resettlement Assistance Program.	Do ‘Illegal’ Refugees Receive $3,874 Per Month from the Government?
vclaim-sno-montreal-bans-pit-bulls	The city of Montreal has passed a ban on pit bulls that requires owners to euthanize their pets.	Montreal Bans Pit Bulls
vclaim-sno-mookie-wilson-dinosaurs	Mookie Wilson said believing in dinosaurs helped him break out of batting slumps.	Did Mookie Wilson Say Belief in Dinosaurs Helped Him Out of Batting Slumps?
vclaim-sno-moon-disappear-1000-years-ago	"Nearly a millennium ago, the moon briefly ""vanished"" from the sky, likely as a result of airborne debris emitted by volcanic eruptions."	Did the Moon Briefly ‘Disappear’ 1,000 Years Ago?
vclaim-sno-moon-footprints	"The boots on Neil Armstrong's spacesuit don't match up with the ""footprints"" supposedly he left on the moon."	Lunar Footprint Mystery
vclaim-sno-moon-melon	Photograph shows a blue Japanese fruit known as “moon melon.”	Moon Melon
vclaim-sno-moon-on-radio-telescope	"A photograph shows a ""super moon"" resting atop a radio telescope."	Super Moon, Perfectly Timed
vclaim-sno-moon-truth	A video clip shows a NASA studio-produced 'outtake' of the first manned moon landing.	Is This an Outtake from the Apollo 11 Moon Landing?
vclaim-sno-moonrise-byron-bay-video	A video shows a moonrise at the Cape Byron Lighthouse in Australia.	Is This Video of a Moonrise Over Byron Bay Real?
vclaim-sno-moony-tunes	Astronaut Buzz Aldrin admitted the Apollo 11 moon landing was staged on a movie set.	Buzz Aldrin Admits Apollo 11 Moon Landings Were Fake
vclaim-sno-moore-accuser-yearbook	"Roy Moore accuser Beverly Young Nelson ""forged"" Moore's signature and inscription in her high school yearbook."	Did One of Roy Moore’s Accusers ‘Forge’ Yearbook Evidence Against Him?
vclaim-sno-moore-than-welcome	President Obama sent a White House representative to thank an Oklahoma mosque with which beheading suspect Alton Nolen was affiliated.	Obama Thanks Oklahoma Beheader’s Mosque
vclaim-sno-moose-hunters	Photograph shows car truck that caused multiple accidents after the driver and passenger donned moose heads.	Moose Hunters
vclaim-sno-moose-pool-car-fire-photo	A photograph shows moose enjoying a wading pool while watching a car burn.	Moose Enjoy Wading Pool, Watch Car Fire
vclaim-sno-moose-rainbow-flag	A photograph shows a baby moose holding a rainbow flag.	Baby Moose Holds Rainbow Flag
vclaim-sno-moostaken-identity	An amorous moose once wooed a lawn ornament.	Moose and Lawn Ornament
vclaim-sno-more-mass-shootings-el-paso	Authorities warned about more attacks on Walmart and Target stores in El Paso after a mass shooting there in August 2019.	Did Authorities Warn of More Attacks on Target and Walmart Stores in El Paso?
vclaim-sno-more-modern-way-of-living	Text reproduces letter to the editor from a “proud Democrat.”	More Modern Way of Living
vclaim-sno-more-testing-more-cases-covid-19	The reason the U.S. documented the most COVID-19 cases in the world in 2020 was because it had tested more residents at a faster rate than any other country.	Is US COVID-19 Case Total Highest Globally Due to ‘Great Testing’?
vclaim-sno-more-votes-than-voters-in-detroit	Multiple precincts in Detroit reported more votes than voters in the 2016 general election, suggesting voter or electoral fraud.	Were More Votes Than Voters Recorded in Detroit in 2016?
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-2018-review	"Actor Morgan Freeman narrated a viral video entitled ""Morgan Freeman Reviews 2018."""	Did Morgan Freeman Review 2018 in This Video?
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-death-hoax	Acclaimed actor Morgan Freeman died in October 2017 at the age of 80.	Morgan Freeman Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-jailing-hillary-restore-faith	Actor Morgan Freeman said that jailing former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is the best way to restore public faith in the United States government.	Did Morgan Freeman Say ‘Jailing Hillary’ Is the Best Way to ‘Restore Public Faith’ in Government?
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-jimi-hendrix	Musician Jimi Hendrix faked his death and is now living as actor Morgan Freeman.	Is Morgan Freeman Really Jimi Hendrix?
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-on-black-history-month	Actor Morgan Freeman said on '60 Minutes' that he finds the concept of Black History Month to be 'ridiculous.'	Did Morgan Freeman Say Black History Month Is ‘Ridiculous’?
vclaim-sno-morgan-freeman-trump-bonafide-sack	"In a tweet tagged ""@realDonaldTrump,"" actor Morgan Freeman wrote that ""Our President is a bonafide sack of shit."""	Did Actor Morgan Freeman Call President Trump a ‘Bonafide Sack of Sh*t?’
vclaim-sno-morgue-employee-arrested-pimping	A Nevada morgue employee was arrested for operating a cadaver brothel.	Was a Nevada Morgue Employee Arrested for Pimping Out Corpses for Sex?
vclaim-sno-morgue-employee-cremated-nap	A morgue worker was accidentally cremated while napping or pretending to be dead.	Was a Live Morgue Employee Cremated by Mistake?
vclaim-sno-morsi-you-in-court	President Obama and Hillary Clinton were officially charged in Egypt with aiding and abetting terrorists.	Obama and Hillary Were Officially Charged With Aiding and Abetting Terrorists
vclaim-sno-morton-county-sheriff-kyle-kirchmeiers-twitter-account	Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier published pro-Dakota Access Pipeline and anti-Native American content via Twitter.	Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier’s Twitter Account
vclaim-sno-moscow-mule-copper-poisoning	Drinking cocktails from a copper mug can cause copper poisoning	Can Drinking Cocktails From a Copper Mug Cause Poisoning?
vclaim-sno-mosque-burn-american-flag	A photograph shows Muslims from a New York mosque burning an American flag in protest of President Donald Trump.	Did a New York Mosque Burn an American Flag to Protest President Trump?
vclaim-sno-mosquito-killers	Lemon Fresh Joy (a dishwashing liquid), Listerine (a mouthwash), and limes with cloves will repeal mosquitoes or knock them dead from the sky.	Do Lemon Fresh Joy and Listerine Kill Mosquitoes?
vclaim-sno-mossad-and-done	The Israeli intelligence agency Mossad blew up Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370.	Did the Mossad Blow Up the Malaysian Airlines Jet?
vclaim-sno-most-jobs-waiters-bartenders	"Around three-quarters of the 379,000 jobs added to the U.S. economy in February 2021 were made up of ""waiters and bartenders."""	Were Most Jobs Added in February 2021 ‘Waiters and Bartenders’?
vclaim-sno-most-pierced-person-dies	The world's most-pierced person, Gerard Rogers, was killed while passing through a metal detector at LAX airport.	Did the World’s Most-Pierced Person Die Going Through Airport Metal Detectors?
vclaim-sno-most-trump-protesters-didnt-vote	A majority of anti-Trump protesters did not vote in the 2016 general election.	Most Trump Protesters Didn’t Vote?
vclaim-sno-most-valuable-brand-names	The three most valuable brand names on Earth are Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.	Most Valuable Brand Names
vclaim-sno-motel6-soldier-underage	An Atlanta Motel 6 outlet turned away a U.S. Army soldier because he was underage.	Did Motel 6 Turn Away a Soldier Because He Was Underage?
vclaim-sno-mother-17-babies	An Indianapolis woman give birth to 17 children at once.	Did a Woman Give Birth to 17 Children at Once?
vclaim-sno-mother-3-kids-found-dead-dad-arrested	An estranged husband named Brandon Dugan recently murdered his wife and three children.	Mother and 3 Kids Found Dead, Dad Arrested
vclaim-sno-mother-admits-to-affair-pregnancy-by-15-year-old-son	A mother admitted on Facebook to sleeping with and becoming pregnant by her 15-year-old son.	Mother Admits to Affair, Pregnancy by 15-Year-Old Son
vclaim-sno-mother-and-child-reunion	Paul Simon took the title of his song “Mother and Child Reunion” from the name of a chicken-and-egg dish he spotted on a Chinese restaurant’s menu.	Mother and Child Reunion
vclaim-sno-mother-arrested-after-tattooing-her-son	A mother was arrested for tattooing her 2-year-old boy and trading him for drugs.	Mother Arrested After Tattooing Her Son and Attempting to Trade Him for Drugs
vclaim-sno-mother-deer-cheetahs	A photograph shows an impala who allowed herself to be captured by cheetahs so her offspring could escape.	Did a Mother Deer Sacrifice Herself to Cheetahs to Save Her Fawns?
vclaim-sno-mother-mailed-blue-book	Faced with an examination question he cannot answer, a student pretends to have accidentally mailed one of his blue books to his mother.	The Tale of the Mailed Blue Book
vclaim-sno-mother-moose	Photographs show a moose who had just given birth in the front yard of a house in Michigan.	Mother Moose
vclaim-sno-mother-of-rejection	Hillary Clinton refused to meet with a contingent of Gold Star mothers.	Hillary Clinton Snubbed Gold Star Mothers?
vclaim-sno-mother-shoots-pedophile-burglar	A notorious pedophile was killed by a mother who blew his head off with a shotgun when he tried to rape her 12-year-old child.	Did a Mother ‘Blow the Head Off’ a Pedophile Attempting to Rape Her Child?
vclaim-sno-mother-sues-hospital-after-son-turns-gay-from-flu-shot	"A mother sued a hospital and claimed that a flu shot had ""turned"" her son gay."	Did a Mother Sue a Hospital Because Her Son Turned Gay from Flu Shot?
vclaim-sno-mother-sues-tampon-company	A woman is suing a tampon manufacturer for 'stealing' her daughter's virginity.	Mother Sues Tampon Company for ‘Stealing’ Daughter’s Virginity
vclaim-sno-mother-superior	A Catholic priest said that he met God and found God is a woman.	Catholic Priest Who Died for 48 Minutes Claims That God Is a Woman
vclaim-sno-mother-teresa-age-18	A photograph shows Mother Teresa at age 18.	Mother Teresa at 18
vclaim-sno-mother-teresa-hillary-clinton-abortion	"When asked by Hillary Clinton why she thought the U.S. hasn't had a female president yet, Mother Teresa answered, ""Because you probably aborted her."""	Did Mother Teresa Teach Hillary Clinton a Lesson on Abortion?
vclaim-sno-mother-toddler-cocaine	A photograph shows a woman snorting cocaine with her toddler.	Does This Photograph Show a Mother Snorting Cocaine with Her Toddler?
vclaim-sno-mothers-day-facebook-warning	Mothers who post their children's names, birth dates, and birth weights on Facebook for Mother's Day are exposing their children to scammers and criminals.	Mother’s Day Facebook Warning
vclaim-sno-mothman-returns-to-point-pleasant-west-virginia	A man in Point Pleasant, West Virginia, caught the legendary Mothman on camera.	‘Mothman’ Returns to Point Pleasant, West Virginia?
vclaim-sno-motion-san-andreas-fault	The San Andreas fault is on the move, signaling that a massive earthquake might be imminent.	‘Large-Scale Motion’ Detected at San Andreas Fault
vclaim-sno-motorcycle-accident	Photographs show a motorcyclist cut in half by a collision with a roadside pole.	Motorcycle Accident
vclaim-sno-motorcycle-curfew-in-11-states	Eleven states are implementing motorcycle curfews with stiff penalties for violators.	Motorcycle Curfew in 11 States?
vclaim-sno-motorcycle-governors-january-2017	The U.S. government is instituting a regulation mandating all motorcycles be outfitted with 75 MPH governors by January 2017.	New Regulation Requires Motorcycle Owners to Install 75 MPH Governors by January 2017
vclaim-sno-motorcycle-group-trump-inauguration	A photograph shows a large group of bikers on their way to Donald Trump's inauguration.	Large Motorcycle Group Heading to Trump Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-motorcyclist-jump-train-track	A video shows a motorcyclist evading police by jumping over a train track.	Does This Video Show a Motorcyclist Evading Police by Jumping Over a Train Track?
vclaim-sno-motorcyclists-protest-burkini-ban	A photograph shows two motorcyclists on a beach protesting a 2016 burkini ban in France.	Motorcyclists Protest Burkini Ban
vclaim-sno-motrin-robitussin-interaction-warning	The interaction of Motrin and Robitussin causes heart attacks in children.	Does the Interaction of Motrin and Robitussin Cause Heart Attacks in Children?
vclaim-sno-mount-rushmore-defaced-graffiti	"Someone defaced Mount Rushmore with graffiti reading ""Obama Was Here"" and ""F*ck Trump."""	Was Mount Rushmore Defaced with Political Graffiti?
vclaim-sno-mount-st-helens	Photograph shows a sunrise shot of Mount	Mount St. Helens
vclaim-sno-mountain-dew-contain-chemical-known-bvo	Mountain Dew and other sodas contain a dangerous chemical known as brominated vegetable oil (BVO).	Does Mountain Dew Contain the ‘Dangerous Chemical’ BVO?
vclaim-sno-mountain-dew-discontinued	The Mountain Dew brand soft drink is being discontinued by Pepsico.	Is Pepsico Discontinuing Mountain Dew?
vclaim-sno-mountain-ewww	"A veterinary pathologist testified that being immersed in a can of Mountain Dew would turn a mouse into a ""jelly-like"" substance."	Will Mountain Dew Dissolve a Mouse?
vclaim-sno-mountain-lion-protecting-her-cubs	A video of a “stalking” mountain lion that went viral in October 2020 showed a mother lioness protecting her cubs after a hiker came across her den in Utah.	Was ‘Stalking’ Mountain Lion Actually Protecting Her Cubs?
vclaim-sno-mountain-lion	Photograph shows a large mountain lion killed by a deer hunter in Kansas, Iowa, or Wisconsin.	Mountain Lion
vclaim-sno-mouse-balls	IBM field service memo details the procedure for replacing mouse balls.	Mouse Balls
vclaim-sno-mousetrap-patent-loaded-gun	A patent was filed for a mousetrap in 1882 that featured a loaded pistol.	Is This 1882 Patent for a Mousetrap Featuring a Loaded Gun Real?
vclaim-sno-mouthwash-kill-covid-19	Some mouthwashes containing the antimicrobial ingredient cetylpyridinium chloride show signs of reducing COVID-19 in saliva.	Can Mouthwash ‘Kill’ COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-move-over	Motorists in most U.S. states can be fined for failing to slow down or change lanes when passing parked emergency vehicles.	‘Move Over’ Traffic Laws
vclaim-sno-movers-and-salt-shakers	Job applicant who salts his food before tasting it is rejected by business tycoon.	Salted Food Test
vclaim-sno-moving-crust-video	Videos from Mongolia provide humanity with its first ever view of the Earth’s crust moving.	Do Dramatic Videos Show the Earth’s Crust “Moving” for the “First Time”?
vclaim-sno-moving-to-canada-search	The volume of Americans researching the details of immigrating to Canada was so high on Super Tuesday that it temporarily crashed the country's immigration site.	‘Moving to Canada’ Search Spike?
vclaim-sno-moving-truck-cspan	A live shot of the White House taken on Nov. 4, 2020, after the 2020 U.S. presidential election showed a moving truck parked outside.	Was a Moving Van Parked Outside White House After Election Day?
vclaim-sno-mr-peebles-smallest-cat	"A photograph shows Mr. Peebles, the ""world's smallest cat."""	Mr. Peebles
vclaim-sno-mr-potato-head-gender-neutral	"Hasbro announced in February 2021 that the Mr. Potato Head toy would henceforth be referred to simply as the gender-neutral ""Potato Head."""	Has Mr. Potato Head Gone Gender Neutral?
vclaim-sno-mr-t-death-hoax	'A-Team' actor Mr. T passed away in May 2016.	Mr. T Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-mri-of-love	"An MR image captures a mother's kiss producing a ""chemical reaction that released a burst of oxytocin"" in her baby's brain."	Does This Picture Represent an ‘MRI of Love’?
vclaim-sno-mrna-alter-dna	mRNA vaccines are capable of altering or damaging human DNA.	No, mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines Do Not ‘Alter Your DNA’
vclaim-sno-mrs-doubtfire-remake-hill	"Sony Pictures has announced plans to remake the movie ""Mrs. Doubtfire"" with Jonah Hill."	No, Sony Hasn’t Announced Plans to Remake ‘Mrs. Doubtfire’ Starring Jonah Hill
vclaim-sno-msg-mickey	Coca-Cola spiked with MSG is an aphrodisiac or soporific.	Coca-Cola and MSG
vclaim-sno-msnbc-disabled-veteran-voting	An MSNBC crew blocked a handicapped parking space outside a polling station in Houston, preventing a disabled U.S. Air Force veteran from voting.	Did an MSNBC Crew Prevent a Disabled Veteran from Voting by Blocking a Handicapped Parking Spot?
vclaim-sno-msnbc-graphic-bernie-sanders	An infographic of 2020 Democratic presidential candidates that aired on MSNBC excluded U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders.	Did MSNBC Exclude Bernie Sanders from a Graphic About a Campaign Event?
vclaim-sno-msnbc-hope-coronavirus-kills	"An MSNBC reporter said on air: ""I hope enough people die from coronavirus that it harms Trump's reelection."""	Did MSNBC Reporter Say ‘I Hope Coronavirus Kills People and Hurts Trump’s Reelection’?
vclaim-sno-msnbc-pecker-chyron	"A screenshot from an MSNBC broadcast captures a chyron reading ""Trump Worried About Pecker Leaking."""	Did MSNBC Use a ‘Trump Worried About Pecker Leaking’ Chyron?
vclaim-sno-msnbc-producer-quit	"An MSNBC producer quit her job with a scathing letter calling the network a ""cancer."""	Did an MSNBC Producer Quit Because the Network Is a ‘Cancer,’ Stoking ‘National Division’?
vclaim-sno-msnbc-wwz	"MSNBC used footage from the zombie apocalypse film ""World War Z"" as if it were live footage of the 2020 George Floyd protests."	Did MSNBC Use ‘World War Z’ Footage in News Coverage?
vclaim-sno-mueller-report-no-obstruction	"U.S. President Donald Trump is correct to say that Special Counsel Robert Mueller's report on Russian interference in the U.S. 2016 presidential election found ""no obstruction of justice."""	Did Mueller Conclude Trump Committed ‘No Obstruction’ in the 2016 Election Probe?
vclaim-sno-mueller-resign-affair	Robert Mueller will soon be resigning due to the disclosure of his long-term affair with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi:	Will Robert Mueller Be Forced to Resign Over an Affair with Nancy Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-mueller-yanukovych-photo	A photograph shows former FBI director Robert Mueller meeting with former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych in 2013.	Is This a Photograph of Robert Mueller Meeting with Viktor Yanukovych?
vclaim-sno-muffin-man-song-serial-killer	The nursery rhyme “The Muffin Man” was inspired by a real 16th-century serial killer.	Was ‘Muffin Man’ Song a Warning to Kids About 16th-Century Serial Killer?
vclaim-sno-mugabe-mansion	Photographs show a mansion belonging to Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe.	Mugabe Mansion
vclaim-sno-muhaamidish-sensitivity-training	"Teachers in the state of Michigan are now required to undergo ""Muhaamidish Sensitivity Training."""	Is ‘Muhaamidish Sensitivity Training’ Now a Requirement for Michigan Teachers?
vclaim-sno-muhammad-ali-michael-jackson	A photograph shows boxer Muhammad Ali with musician Michael Jackson.	Is This Muhammad Ali with a Young Michael Jackson?
vclaim-sno-muhammad-ali-winnings-1964	A photograph shows Muhammad Ali with all of his winnings in 1964.	Is This Muhammad Ali with All of His Winnings in 1964?
vclaim-sno-mule-dear	Smugglers are hiding drugs in Canadian vehicles parked at U.S. shopping malls, then following them across the border.	Drug Mule
vclaim-sno-mule-log	Mules were shot during the filming of the bridge scene in the 1970 motion picture 'Patton.'	Were Mules Killed to Film ‘Patton’?
vclaim-sno-mule-vs-mountain-lion	Photographs show a mule attacking and killing a mountain lion.	Mule vs. Mountain Lion
vclaim-sno-multicultural-beach-sign-melbourne	A sign posted on a public beach by the city of Melbourne, Australia tells visitors to refrain from consuming of pork and alcohol and to be respectful during Islamic prayer times.	Does a ‘Multicultural Beach’ Sign in Melbourne Prohibit Pork and Alcohol?
vclaim-sno-multiple-shooters-orlando-cody-agnew	"The media is covering up that ""multiple shooters"" were involved in the mass killing at an Orlando nightclub."	‘Multiple Shooters’ at Orlando Nightclub
vclaim-sno-mum-about-muslims	President Obama is secretly importing 75,000 Muslims into the United States.	President Obama Is Secretly Planting 75,000 Muslims Around The United States?
vclaim-sno-mumbo-jumbo	A man was killed by an elephant he mistook for one he had aided years earlier.	Ungrateful Elephant Kills Man
vclaim-sno-mummified-dinosaur	"Photographs show a ""mummified"" dinosaur fossil discovered in Alberta, Canada."	Is This a Photograph of a ‘Mummified’ Dinosaur?
vclaim-sno-mummified-monk-still-alive	"A mummified monk was found in Mongolia seated in lotus position and ""still alive."""	Was a Mummified Monk Found Alive in Mongolia?
vclaim-sno-mummy-titantic	The Titanic went to a watery grave carrying a cursed mummy in its hold.	Did a Cursed Mummy Sink with the Titanic?
vclaim-sno-muppet-animal-death-hoax	Muppet drummer Animal passed away at 66.	Rock Legend Animal Is Not Dead
vclaim-sno-muppet-show-warning	"Disney added a content warning to Jim Henson's ""The Muppet Show"" on the Disney+ streaming platform."	Did Disney Add a Content Warning to ‘The Muppet Show’?
vclaim-sno-murder-hornet-nest-eradicated	Entomologists with the Washington State Department of Agriculture eradicated the first “murder hornet” nest found in the U.S. in October 2020.	Was the First ‘Murder Hornet’ Nest in US Eradicated?
vclaim-sno-murder-hornets-photo	A photograph shows four Asian giant hornets barely fitting on the palm of someone's hand.	Are ‘Murder Hornets’ Really This Size?
vclaim-sno-murder-new-york-rha	A man who stabbed his pregnant girlfriend “won’t be charged” because of New York’s recently enacted Reproductive Health Act.	Did a Man Escape a Murder Charge Because of New York’s Reproductive Health Act?
vclaim-sno-murder-rate-highest-in-47-years	As of February 2017, the U.S. murder rate was the highest it had been in 47 years.	U.S. Murder Rate Highest in 47 Years?
vclaim-sno-muscular-cows-genetic-engineering	A muscular breed of “super cattle” is genetically engineered to provide as much meat as possible.	Do Muscular Cows Demonstrate Genetic Engineering Potential?
vclaim-sno-museum-peace	President Obama is using his personal funds to keep the International Museum of Muslim Cultures open during the government shutdown.	Obama Uses Own Money to Open Muslim Museum Amid Government Shutdown
vclaim-sno-mush-vroom-pizza	Domino’s Pizza ended its “30 minutes or it’s free” guarantee because a speeding delivery driver hit and killed a child.	End of Domino’s Pizza Delivery Guarantee
vclaim-sno-mushroom-orgasm-fungus	The smell of a rare mushroom causes women to have spontaneous orgasms.	Does Smelling a Mushroom Induce Spontaneous Orgasms in Women?
vclaim-sno-music-to-my-ears	Fatherless child struggles with piano lessons, surprises former teacher by learning to play well, is killed in Oklahoma City bombing.	Robby Plays Piano
vclaim-sno-musically-tiktok-warning	TikTok's settings allow unauthorized users to obtain the personal contact details of other users who have not made their details public.	Does TikTok Allow Strangers to Access the Personal Information of Users Who Don’t Share Those Details?
vclaim-sno-musician-deported-street-vendor	A musician was deported to Argentina after he was caught on video knocking over a vendor's cart on a Los Angeles street.	Was a Musician Deported for Attacking a Los Angeles Street Vendor?
vclaim-sno-muslim-amtrak-derailment	A 'Muslim terrorist' deliberately caused the crash of an Amtrak train in Washington by sabotaging the tracks.	Did the FBI Identify a ‘Muslim Terrorist’ Who Derailed an Amtrak Train?
vclaim-sno-muslim-beats-boy-for-having-blue-eyes	A photograph shows a young blue-eyed boy who was beaten up by a Muslim because of his eye color.	Muslim Beats Boy for Having Blue Eyes?
vclaim-sno-muslim-bikini	A gang of Muslim women beat up a French bikini-clad woman because her swimwear violated their religious beliefs.	Gang of Muslim Women Beat a Lady for Wearing Bikini
vclaim-sno-muslim-brotherhood-takeover-fbi	The FBI foiled a Muslim Brotherhood plot to take over the U.S.	Did Feds Just Raid a ‘Muslim’s House’ in Virginia and Uncover a Plan to Take Over America?
vclaim-sno-muslim-community-center	The controversial plan to build a mosque at the 9/11 Ground Zero site is on again.	Is the ‘Ground Zero Mosque’ Project Back?
vclaim-sno-muslim-community-donates-87000	The Muslim community donated $87,000 to the family of the man responsible for the shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando.	Muslim Community Donates $87,000 to Family of Orlando Shooter
vclaim-sno-muslim-community-patrol-nyc	"The newly-formed Muslim Community Patrol Services group in Brooklyn, New York, is enforcing ""Sharia law."""	Does a Muslim Community Patrol in New York City Enforce ‘Sharia Law’?
vclaim-sno-muslim-congresswomen-constitution	Three newly-elected 'Muslim congresswomen' refused to take the oath of office.	Did Three ‘Muslim Congresswomen’ Refuse to Uphold the Constitution?
vclaim-sno-muslim-cross-necklace-argument	A 17-year-old St. Cloud boy argued with a Muslim woman over his cross necklace at a Walmart or Scheels store.	Did a Teenaged Customer Argue with a Muslim Cashier Over His Cross Necklace?
vclaim-sno-muslim-demographics	"Statistics demonstrate that ""Islam will overwhelm Christendom unless Christians recognize the demographic realities and begin reproducing again."""	Muslim Demographics
vclaim-sno-muslim-doctor-christian	Dr. Jaleel Kohmeni refused to treat a dying man on a flight from New York to Las Vegas, on the basis of the man's Christian faith.	Did a Muslim Doctor Refuse to Treat a Dying Christian On Board a Flight?
vclaim-sno-muslim-educator-named-superintendent-atlantas-schools	"A Muslim man named ""Mike Alig-Juzfahrted"" was appointed superintendent of Atlanta Public Schools."	Was a Muslim Educator Named Superintendent of Atlanta’s Schools?
vclaim-sno-muslim-family-day	"Six Flags is temporarily closing one or more of their theme parks to the public to host ""Muslim Family Day."""	Is Six Flags Closing Their Theme Parks to the Public to Host ‘Muslim Family Day?’
vclaim-sno-muslim-federal-judge-sharia	"A Muslim federal judge has implemented ""two items"" of sharia law in the United States."	Did Muslim Federal Judge ‘Mahal al Alallaha-Smith’ Rule that Two Items of Sharia Law Are Now Legal?
vclaim-sno-muslim-figure-pork-free	A 'Muslim figure' threatened to leave the U.S. unless they were provided pork-free menus.	Did Muslims Demand Pork-Free Menus?
vclaim-sno-muslim-funds-synagogue-victims	American Muslim groups raised more than $190,000 to benefit victims of the mass shooting attack at a Pittsburgh synagogue.	Did Muslim Groups Raise More than $190,000 for Pittsburgh Synagogue Shooting Victims?
vclaim-sno-muslim-girl-trump-supporter	An American Muslim man raped a 13-year-old girl in Ohio, and then was beaten by Trump supporters.	Did a Muslim Man Rape a 13-Year-Old Girl and Get Beaten by Trump Supporters?
vclaim-sno-muslim-government-in-the-us	"Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have ""Iranian advisers by their sides at all times."""	Obama and Clinton Have Iranian Advisers?
vclaim-sno-muslim-man-pregnant-child	A photograph shows a 9-year-old girl who was impregnated by a Muslim man.	Did a Muslim Man Impregnate a 9-Year-Old Girl?
vclaim-sno-muslim-man-slaps-christian-woman	A video shows a Muslim man slapping a Christian woman.	Muslim Man Slaps Christian Woman
vclaim-sno-muslim-medical-demographics	Muslims comprise 1% of the population, 0.5% of mass shooters, and 10% of doctors in the U.S.	Muslim-American Medical Demographics
vclaim-sno-muslim-men-can-4-wives-welfare-michigan	Michigan government offices provide information in Arabic and allow polygamous Muslim men to apply for public assistance benefits for up to four wives.	Muslim Men Can Have 4 Wives on Welfare in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-muslim-migrant-benefits	A Syrian refugee receives close to $400,000 in benefits a year from the German government in order to take care of his wives and children.	Does a ‘Muslim Migrant’ from Syria with Four Wives, 23 Children Receive $390,000 a Year in Benefits?
vclaim-sno-muslim-migrants-attack-catholic-church-mass-france	A video shows a group of Muslim immigrants attacking a Catholic church during mass.	Did ‘Muslim Migrants’ Attack a Catholic Church During Mass in France?
vclaim-sno-muslim-migrants-tore-down-a-christmas-tree-in-italy	A group of Muslims tore down a Christmas tree in Italy.	‘Muslim Migrants’ Tore Down a Christmas Tree in Italy?
vclaim-sno-muslim-new-jersey-mayor-just-banned-the-word-christmas	"The Muslim mayor of Hoboken, New Jersey, banned the word ""Christmas."""	Muslim Mayor Just Banned the Word ‘Christmas?’
vclaim-sno-muslim-prayer-curtain-white-house	President removed red, white, and blue decor from the Oval Office and installed a 'Muslim prayer curtain' in the White House.	‘Muslim Prayer Curtain’ in the White House?
vclaim-sno-muslim-pushed-woman-down-stairs	A video shows a Muslim man kicking a woman down a set of stairs.	Muslim Man Pushed Woman Down Stairs?
vclaim-sno-muslim-refugee-france-video	A video shows a Muslim refugees rioting and taking over an area in France.	Does a Video Show Muslim Refugees Rioting in France?
vclaim-sno-muslim-refugee-ohio-nightclub	A 'Muslim refugee' shot fifteen people inside an Ohio nightclub.	‘Muslim Refugee’ Shoots 15 People In Ohio Nightclub?
vclaim-sno-muslim-refugees-olive-garden	"Police raided an Olive Garden and made a ""disturbing find"" thanks to Obama's Muslim refugees."	Did Police Make Disturbing Find of ‘Obama’s Muslim Refugees’ in a Minnesota Olive Garden?
vclaim-sno-muslim-religion-peace-demonstration	"Photographs show sign-bearing Muslim protesters at a ""Religion of Peace' demonstration in London."	Muslim ‘Religion of Peace’ Demonstration
vclaim-sno-muslim-scholar-tariq-ramadan-sharia-law-colonize	"Oxford professor of Islamic studies Tariq Ramadan said ""we are here to colonize the U.S. and Canada"" with Sharia law."	Did a Muslim Scholar Advocate ‘Colonizing’ U.S. and Canada with Sharia Law?
vclaim-sno-muslim-self-defense	82-year-old William DeLisle was sentenced to death in California for shooting dead a Muslim man who was attacking him.	Was an Elderly Man Sentenced to Death for Killing a Muslim in Self-Defense?
vclaim-sno-muslim-soda-food-stamps	A video depicts a Muslim woman fraudulently using food stamps to purchase soda to resell at her store.	Muslim Woman Buys Soda with Food Stamps to Resell?
vclaim-sno-muslim-student-protest-trump	A Muslim student set fire to a Christian school in protest of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did a Muslim Student Set Fire to a Christian School to ‘Protest’ Trump?
vclaim-sno-muslim-stun-gun-bikini-pool	A video shows two Muslim men threatening people with a stun gun after seeing bikini-clad women.	Muslims Threaten Bikini-Clad Women with Stun Gun
vclaim-sno-muslim-terrorists-bomb-philippines	The media ignored the deaths of 30 Christians who were killed in a church bombing perpetrated by Muslim terrorists in March 2019.	Did Muslim Terrorists Bomb a Church in the Philippines “Yesterday,” Killing 30 Christians?
vclaim-sno-muslim-torture-burma-malaysia-grup-gerak-khas	A video shows dozens of Muslims being tortured in Burma.	Video: Dozens of Muslims Tortured in Burma?
vclaim-sno-muslim-tsa-agent-screens-nun	A photograph shows a female Muslim TSA agent patting down a nun at an airport.	Muslim TSA Agent Screens a Nun
vclaim-sno-muslim-waitress-refuse-seat-church-group	"A Muslim waitress refused to seat a church group at a restaurant, claiming ""religious freedom"" allowed her to do so."	Did a Muslim Waitress Refuse to Seat a Church Group Because of ‘Religious Freedom’?
vclaim-sno-muslim-woman-demanded-men-leave-salon-so-she-could-get-her-hair-styled	A Muslim woman entered a co-ed hair salon and demanded all the men there leave so she could take off her veil to get her hair done.	Did a Muslim Woman Demand Men Leave a Salon So She Could Get Her Hair Styled?
vclaim-sno-muslim-woman-sits-national-anthem	A photograph shows a Muslim woman disrespecting the United States by sitting during its national anthem.	Woman Sits During National Anthem
vclaim-sno-muslim-woman-sworn-new-york-city-civil-judge	New York State Judge Carolyn Walker-Diallo is Muslim and was sworn into office using a Quran.	Muslim Woman Sworn in as New York City Civil Judge
vclaim-sno-muslim-woman-told-to-hang-herself-with-hijab-at-walmart	"A woman pulled a Muslim woman's hijab inside a Walmart and told her, ""Go hang yourself with it around your neck."""	Muslim Woman Told to ‘Hang Herself’ with Hijab at Walmart
vclaim-sno-muslim-women-auction-video	A video shows Muslim men auctioning off women on the streets of England.	Muslim Men Auctioning off Women in England
vclaim-sno-muslima-nurse-practitioner-son	A Muslim nurse practitioner decapitated her 7-year-old son's head because of her religion.	Did a ‘Muslima’ Nurse Practitioner Decapitate Her Son Because of Her Religion?
vclaim-sno-muslims-attack-beer-wales	A video shows a group of Muslims attacking bar patrons in Cardiff, Wales, for drinking beer.	Did a Group of Muslims Attack Welsh Bar Patrons for Drinking Beer?
vclaim-sno-muslims-california-easter-christmas	Muslims in California are asking people not to decorate for Easter or Christmas this year out of respect.	Are Muslims in California Asking People Not to Decorate for Easter or Christmas Out of Respect?
vclaim-sno-muslims-chanting-on-video	"The mainstream media suppressed video of a massive march in which Muslims chanted ""death to America."""	Media Blackout of Video Showing Muslims Chanting ‘Death to America’?
vclaim-sno-muslims-cross-swiss-flag	Muslims in Switzerland burned a Swiss flag and demanded the cross be removed from it.	Did Muslims Demand the Cross Be Removed From the Swiss Flag?
vclaim-sno-muslims-declare-december-24th-islamic-holiday	Muslims recently decided to celebrate the birth of the Prophet Mohammed on 24 December (Christmas Eve) in order to preempt Christmas.	FALSE: Muslims Declare December 24th an Islamic Holiday
vclaim-sno-muslims-destroy-wwii-graves-libya	A video shows a group of Muslims destroying burial plots of non-Muslims at a British WWII cemetery in Libya.	Does This Video Show Muslims Destroying British WWII Graves in Libya?
vclaim-sno-muslims-elect-president-20-years	The Muslim population of the U.S. will be large enough to elect the President by 2040.	Will Muslims Be Able to Elect the U.S. President in 20 Years?
vclaim-sno-muslims-holding-public-office	The McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 bans Muslims from holding public office in the United States.	Does the McCarran-Walter Act of 1952 Bar Muslims from Holding Public Office?
vclaim-sno-muslims-in-japan	Japan has kept Islam at bay by enforcing strict laws on Muslims.	Japan Keeps Islam at Bay?
vclaim-sno-muslims-open-fire-hikers	The media covered up an incident in San Bernardino during which several Muslim men fired upon a number of Californian hikers.	Muslims Open Fire on California Hikers?
vclaim-sno-muslims-out-of-australia	Article compiles statements from Australian government officials about Sharia law and Muslim extremists.	Muslims Out of Australia!
vclaim-sno-muslims-propane-home-depot	An image depicts Muslim men buying or stealing propane tanks at a Miami Home Depot.	Muslims Stealing Propane at Home Depot?
vclaim-sno-muslims-rally-around-image-jesus-decapitated-head	A video shows a group of 'radical' Muslims rallying around a painting of Jesus' decapitated head in Dearborn, Michigan.	Muslims Rally Around Image of Jesus’ Decapitated Head
vclaim-sno-muslims-rip-american-flag	A video shows a group of Muslims ripping up an American flag on a New York City street.	Did This Video Show Muslims Ripping Up an American Flag on the Streets of New York?
vclaim-sno-muslims-worship-moon-god	"A viral e-mail claiming that Muslims can't be good Americans because they worship a ""moon God"" is a quote from former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson."	Ben Carson: Muslims Worship ‘the Moon God of Arabia’?
vclaim-sno-must-nfl-players-stand	The NFL's rulebook contains a regulation specifically requiring players to stand on the sideline during the pre-game playing of the U.S. national anthem.	Are NFL Players Required to Stand on the Field During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-mutant-spiders-in-missouri	Photographs show giant mutant spiders produced by government DNA experiments in Missouri.	Giant Mutant Spiders in Missouri?
vclaim-sno-mutation-response-vehicle	"""Mutation Response Vehicle"" vehicles spotted near Longwood, Florida, are related to outbreaks of the Zika virus."	Mutation Response Vehicle
vclaim-sno-mutilated-boy	A gang lures a little boy into a washroom and chops off his penis.	Mutilated Boy
vclaim-sno-muzzle-protest-sign	"A photograph shows a protester against pandemic stay-at-home orders holding a sign declaring that ""muzzles are for dogs and slaves."""	Is This ‘Muzzles Are for Dogs and Slaves’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-my-birthday-calendar	The Facebook applications “My Birthday Calendar” and “Holiday Card List” harbor malicious information-stealing programs.	My Birthday Calendar
vclaim-sno-my-cousin-vinny-giuliani	"U.S. President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani suggested using a legal tactic seen in the 1992 movie ""My Cousin Vinny"" in a court case about 2020 voting."	Did Rudy Giuliani Suggest Borrowing a Legal Tactic from ‘My Cousin Vinny’?
vclaim-sno-my-cousin-vinny-mistake	"An online advertisement revealed a continuity mistake in ""My Cousin Vinny."""	Was a Mistake Found in the Movie ‘My Cousin Vinny’?
vclaim-sno-my-daddys-life-matters-sign	A photograph of a 'My Daddy's Life Matters' sign included text explaining why its OK for police officers to shoot black men.	‘My Daddy’s Life Matters’
vclaim-sno-my-fair-lady-2	Actress Audrey Hepburn authored a pithy list of beauty tips.	Audrey Hepburn Beauty Tips
vclaim-sno-my-fair-lady	Actress Audrey Hepburn authored a pithy list of beauty tips.	Audrey Hepburn Beauty Tips
vclaim-sno-my-first-vape-toy	"In August 2017, a ""leading toy company"" produced a toy version of an electronic cigarette, aimed at children."	Is the ‘My First Vape’ Children’s Toy Real?
vclaim-sno-my-little-pony-animator-arrested	"An animator for the ""My Little Pony"" cartoon series was arrested for child pornography, proving that the PedoGate conspiracy is real."	Was a ‘My Little Pony’ Animator Arrested for Possession of Child Pornography Part of ‘#PedoGate’?
vclaim-sno-my-mother-the-cargo	An old woman traveling in a car filled with relatives dies during a long journey. The surviving family members place her corpse on the car’s roof rack, cover it with a tarp, and continue on. Upon reaching the nearest town, the family stops for a coffee and something to eat, leaving Granny’s remains tied to the roof rack. They return to the parking lot to find their vehicle — and their dead relative — gone.	Granny on the Roof Rack
vclaim-sno-my-muslim-faith	Barack Obama admitted to being a Muslim during an ABC News interview.	Did Barack Obama Admit to His ‘Muslim Faith’?
vclaim-sno-my-pleasure-chick-fil-a	"If a customer says ""my pleasure"" to a Chick-fil-A employee, they are entitled to a discount, a free ice cream menu item, or free food altogether."	Does Saying ‘My Pleasure’ at Chick-fil-A Earn Free Food?
vclaim-sno-my-retirement-plan	Some people have eschewed retirement homes in favor of living on cruise ships.	Retirement Living on Cruise Ships
vclaim-sno-my-trip-to-san-francisco-in-1940	Photographs illustrate a trip to San Francisco in 1940 as described in a letter by Henry Ford.	Henry Ford – My Trip to San Francisco in 1940
vclaim-sno-myanamar-aerobics-video-coup	A woman inadvertently recorded parts of the military coup in Myanmar while exercising on camera in February 2021.	Did an Aerobics Video Show Parts of Myanmar Coup?
vclaim-sno-myanmar-dominion-smartmatic	Myanmar's 2020 election used Dominion Voting Systems and Smartmatic software.	Did Myanmar Use Dominion or Smartmatic Election Software?
vclaim-sno-myeshia-johnson-facebook-post	Gold Star widow Myeshia Johnson criticized Rep. Frederica Wilson on Facebook for misrepresenting the content of a condolence call from President Donald Trump.	Did Myeshia Johnson Accuse Rep. Frederica Wilson of Using Her Husband ‘As a Political Platform’?
vclaim-sno-mylan-ceo-clinton-foundation	Mylan CEO Heather Bresch donated a large sum of money to the Clinton Foundation.	Mylan CEO Donated Money to the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-mypillow-antifa-temptresses	"MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell blamed ""antifa temptresses"" for the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol."	Did MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell Blame Capitol Attack on ‘Antifa Temptresses’?
vclaim-sno-mypillow-discount-codes-qanon	MyPillow offered discounts on its products if buyers used codes like “QAnon,” “Q,” and “Storm” during checkout on their website.	Did MyPillow Offer Discounts With Codes Like ‘QAnon’ and More?
vclaim-sno-myrtle-beach-shooting-gun-hurricane-florence	In September 2018, a 33-year-old man in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, died after the bullet he shot at Hurricane Florence rebounded and hit him in the head.	Did a Man Die from Shooting a Gun at Hurricane Florence?
vclaim-sno-mysterious-arrows	Large concrete arrows set on the ground guided early airmail pilots across the U.S.	Concrete Arrows Across the U.S.
vclaim-sno-mysterious-creature-terrorizing-argentina	A photograph shows a mysterious 7-foot creature that has been terrorizing a village in Argentina.	Is a Mysterious Creature Terrorizing Argentina?
vclaim-sno-mysterious-ghost-hand	"A ""mysterious ghost hand"" is visible in a photograph from 1900 that depicted female factory workers posing at a linen mill in Northern Ireland."	Does an Image from 1900 Include a ‘Mysterious Ghost Hand’?
vclaim-sno-mysterious-sea-creature-washes-ashore	Photograph depicts a mysterious and large sea creature that washed ashore in Mexico in June 2016.	Mysterious ‘4-Metre Long Sea Creature’ Washes Ashore
vclaim-sno-mysterious-unidentified-flying-object-over-airport-in-turkey	A video shows a mysterious UFO over an airport in Turkey.	Mysterious Unidentified Flying Object Over Airport in Turkey
vclaim-sno-mysterious-voicemail-malaysian-airlines-disappearance	A black box recording has surfaced featuring an eerie message that suggests the disappearance of Malaysia Flight MH370 involved extraterrestrials.	Was Flight MH370 Found with an Eerie Black Box Recording Saying: “SOS, They Are Not Human”?
vclaim-sno-mystery-33	The ’33’ on the	Rolling Rock 33
vclaim-sno-naacp-black-cops-not-real	"The NAACP asserted black cops are ""not real black people."""	NAACP Said ‘Black Cops Aren’t Real Black People’
vclaim-sno-naacp-covers-george-washington-statue-mlk-day-event	A photograph shows a wooden box covering a statue of George Washington at an NAACP event.	NAACP Covers George Washington Statue at MLK Day Event?
vclaim-sno-naacp-endorse-trump-in-2020	The NAACP endorsed U.S. President Trump for 2020.	Did the NAACP Endorse Trump for 2020?
vclaim-sno-naacp-wants-stone-mountain-sandblasted	The NAACP is calling for the removal of an historical Civil War carving from Stone Mountain, Georgia.	Does the NAACP Want to Sandblast Confederate Figures Off Stone Mountain?
vclaim-sno-naacp-white-supremacists	"The NAACP warned of violent white supremacist initiations planned for ""this weekend."""	No, the NAACP Didn’t Warn About Violent White Supremacist Initiations ‘This Weekend’
vclaim-sno-nacho-cheebola	Three Doritos factory workers have tested positive for Ebola.	Ebola in Doritos
vclaim-sno-nadia-comaneci-perfect-timing	A GIF shows a photographer's 'perfect timing,' setting off a camera's flash just as a gymnast performed a midair split.	‘Perfect Timing’ Gymnastics Shot
vclaim-sno-nadia-comanecis-granddaughter	Video shows the gymnast granddaughter of Olympic champion Nadia Comaneci.	Nadia Comaneci’s Granddaughter
vclaim-sno-nagapushpa-flower-himalaya	A photograph shows a rare Nagapushpa flower that blooms only once every 36 years.	Does the Nagapushpa Flower Bloom Every 36 Years?
vclaim-sno-nagasaki-arch	Photographs show an arch in Nagasaki which withstood an atomic bomb and an earthquake/tsunami.	Nagasaki Arch
vclaim-sno-nah-trump-shirts-sell	"A photograph shows a vendor identified as ""Nah"" who said that he was selling $100 sweatshirts to ""stupid"" Trump supporters."	Did Vendor ‘Nah’ Sell $100 Trump Sweatshirts?
vclaim-sno-najat-vallaud-belkacem-shepherd-morocco-photo	A viral photograph shows the former French Education Minister Najat Vallaud-Belkacem as a young girl in Morocco.	Does This Photograph Show a Future French Politician as a Shepherd in Morocco?
vclaim-sno-naked-athena-portland-protest	A naked woman protested on the streets of Portland in July 2020.	Did Photographs Show a Naked Woman Protesting in Portland?
vclaim-sno-naked-juices-and-smoothies-formaldehyde	The “Naked” line of juices and smoothies contain the toxic preservative formaldehyde.	Do “Naked” Juices and Smoothies Contain Formaldehyde?
vclaim-sno-naked-women-scare-terrorists-rumor	Women: Take off your clothes and scare terrorists!	Naked Women Scare Terrorists Rumor?
vclaim-sno-name-and-shame	A man named Joshua Max Gallagher severely beat a 17-month-old girl.	Joshua Max Gallagher
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-arrested-coup-attempt	Rep. Nancy Pelosi was arrested by the Secret Service for plotting a coup to overthrow the president.	Nancy Pelosi Was Just Taken from Her Office in Handcuffs?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-build-wall-gun-ban	Returning Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi proposed to fund the building of President Trump's border wall in exchange for a bill banning the ownership of firearms by any U.S. citizen.	Did Nancy Pelosi Offer a Border Wall in Exchange for a Full Gun Ban?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-cancer-benefit	Nancy Pelosi was asked to leave a children's cancer benefit for being drunk.	Was Nancy Pelosi Removed from a Children’s Cancer Benefit for Being Drunk?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-crime-family	A meme accurately describes 'The Nancy Pelosi Crime Family.'	Is a ‘Nancy Pelosi Crime Family’ Meme Accurate?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-daughters-cocaine	Two of U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's daughters were arrested for trafficking drugs, then turned state's evidence against their mother.	Nancy Pelosi’s Daughters Arrested for Trafficking Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-disgusted-trump-tweet	"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi tweeted that she was disgusted with ""President"" Trump after the passage of a tax reform bill."	Did Nancy Pelosi Tweet That She Is ‘Disgusted’ with ‘President’ Trump?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-endorsed-bernie-sanders	House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has endorsed Bernie Sanders for president.	Nancy Pelosi Endorsed Bernie Sanders?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-english-only-bill	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi stopped a bill that would make English the official language of the U.S.	Did Nancy Pelosi Stop a Bill to Make English the Official U.S. Language?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-fined-ripping-speech	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was fined $40,000 for destruction of government property.	Was Nancy Pelosi Fined $40K For Destruction of Government Property?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-hot-mic	"Nancy Pelosi said ""Americans are the stupidest people on Earth"" into a hot microphone."	Did Nancy Pelosi Say ‘Americans Are the Stupidest People on Earth’?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-miss-lube-rack-1959	"Photograph shows a young Nancy Pelosi as ""Miss Lube Rack"" of 1959."	Was Nancy Pelosi ‘Miss Lube Rack of 1959’?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-psychiatric-community	The psychiatric community has declared that Nancy Pelosi is mentally ill.	Was U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Deemed ‘Mentally Ill’ by the Psychiatric Community?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-removed-treason	Police are seeking the impeachment of Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi for treason.	Are Police Seeking the Removal of Nancy Pelosi for Treason?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-slurring-speech	A video shows Nancy Pelosi drunkenly slurring her speech during an event in May 2019.	Does This Video Show Nancy Pelosi Drunk and Slurring Her Speech?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-tesla	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi invested as much as $1 million in Tesla in December 2020.	Did Nancy Pelosi Invest Up to $1M in Tesla?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-voters-decide	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said it's dangerous to let voters decide President Donald Trump's fate in the 2020 election.	Did Pelosi Say It’s ‘Dangerous’ to Let Voters Decide Trump’s Fate in 2020?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-voting-age	"Nancy Pelosi announced a ""scheme"" to ""take down Donald Trump in 2020"" by lowering the voting age."	Did U. S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Announce a ‘New Scheme to Take Down Donald Trump in 2020’?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-wall-violate-rights	"Nancy Pelosi said that building a wall will violate the rights of ""millions of 'illegals.'"""	Did Nancy Pelosi Say Building a Wall Will Violate the Rights of ‘Millions of Illegals’?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-with-jfk	"A photograph shows U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi with President John F. Kennedy, with whom she supposedly ""had an affair for seven long years."""	Does This Photograph Show Nancy Pelosi with JFK?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosi-wrap-up-smear	"In a C-SPAN video, U.S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi revealed that Democrats use a political smear tactic she called the ""wrap-up smear."""	Did Nancy Pelosi Admit Democrats Use a Tactic Called the ‘Wrap-Up Smear?’
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosis-church	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's church asked her to leave until she ""finds God and gets help."""	Did Nancy Pelosi’s Church Ask Her to Leave Until She ‘Finds God’?
vclaim-sno-nancy-pelosis-son-arrested	House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's son was arrested for murder.	Was Nancy Pelosi’s Son Arrested for Murder?
vclaim-sno-nancy-reagan-hillary-clinton	Former first lady Nancy Reagan has endorsed Hillary Clinton.	Nancy Reagan Endorsed Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-nancy-reagan-on-gay-pride	"Nancy Reagan once said ""It is appalling to see parades in San Francisco and elsewhere proclaiming 'gay pride' and all that."""	Nancy Reagan on Gay Pride
vclaim-sno-nancy-reagan-with-mister-t	A photograph shows then-first lady Nancy Reagan with Mr. T dressed up as Santa Claus.	Is This Nancy Reagan With Mr. T Dressed As Santa Claus?
vclaim-sno-napo-police-boycott-nike	The National Association of Police Organizations called on its members to boycott Nike after the company announced a commercial deal with Colin Kaepernick.	Did the National Association of Police Organizations Call for a Boycott of Nike?
vclaim-sno-napoleon-dynamite-sequel	A sequel to the movie 'Napoleon Dynamite' is in the works.	Will There Be a Sequel to ‘Napoleon Dynamite’?
vclaim-sno-narilatha-flower	Viral images show specimens of a plant with flowers in the shape of the female body.	The Narilatha Flower
vclaim-sno-nasa-admits-contact-with-alien-species	NASA admitted that they were in contact with aliens but failed to officially disclose that information, presuming everyone already knew about it.	NASA Admits It Is in Contact with Alien Species and Just Forgot to Mention It
vclaim-sno-nasa-blackout-warning	NASA has announced that a multi-day worldwide blackout will occur beginning on 16 December 2020.	6 Days of Darkness in December 2020?
vclaim-sno-nasa-climate-change-admission	"NASA ""admitted"" that climate change occurs naturally as a result of changes in Earth's solar orbit and not anthropogenic factors."	Did NASA ‘Admit’ Climate Change Is Caused by Changes in Earth’s Orbit, Not Humans?
vclaim-sno-nasa-confirms-existence-of-earths-second-moon	NASA has recently confirmed the existence of Earth’s second moon.	NASA Confirms Existence of Earth’s Second Moon?
vclaim-sno-nasa-data-global-warming	A recent hiatus in sea level rise conflicts with the scientific consensus regarding global warming.	Does NASA Data Show That Global Warming Isn’t Causing a Sea Level Rise?
vclaim-sno-nasa-deforestation-images	Two photographs of the earth taken by NASA in 1978 and 2012 document the dramatic effects of deforestation in North America.	Do NASA Photographs Show Deforestation in North America?
vclaim-sno-nasa-fossil-fuels-cool	NASA now says that burning fossil fuels cools the planet.	Did a NASA Study Conclude That Burning Fossil Fuels Cools the Planet?
vclaim-sno-nasa-hillary-clinton-astronaut	In the 1960s, NASA rejected Hillary Clinton’s childhood dream of becoming an astronaut because the space agency did not accept women astronauts at the time.	Did NASA Reject Hillary Clinton’s Childhood Dream of Becoming an Astronaut?
vclaim-sno-nasa-india-earthquake	"In March 2018, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ""predicted"" a major earthquake for Delhi, India, several weeks in advance."	Did NASA Warn of an Impending Earthquake in India?
vclaim-sno-nasa-lithium-chemtrails-conspiracy	NASA admitted to dosing Americans with airborne lithium.	NASA Lithium Chemtrails Conspiracy
vclaim-sno-nasa-planet-marijuana	NASA has discovered a new planet covered in marijuana.	Did NASA Discover a New Planet Covered with Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-nasa-planetary-protection-officer	NASA will hire someone (with a secret security clearance) to ensure alien life doesn't make its way to Earth.	Is NASA Hiring Someone to Protect Earth from Aliens?
vclaim-sno-nasa-reports-magnetosphere-collapse	Earth's magnetosphere collapsed for two hours on 23 April 2016.	NASA Reports Magnetosphere Collapse
vclaim-sno-nasa-sally-ride-100-tampons	In advance of her 1984 mission aboard the space shuttle Challenger, NASA engineers asked Sally Ride if 100 tampons would be enough for two weeks in space.	Did NASA Ask Sally Ride if 100 Tampons Would Be Enough for 14 Days in Space?
vclaim-sno-nasa-warns-nibiru-is-headed-straight-for-earth	NASA has warned of imminent disaster due to the trajectory of another planet that will  intersect Earth's orbit.	NASA Warns ‘Planet X’ Is Headed Straight for Earth?
vclaim-sno-nasa-yellowstone-plan	Despite repeatedly claiming that the Yellowstone caldera does not pose a super-eruption risk in our lifetimes, NASA has admitted the threat is real and is working to geoengineer a solution to negate that risk.	Is NASA Planning to Geoengineer Yellowstone’s Supervolcano Threat Away?
vclaim-sno-nascar-bans-maga-hats	NASCAR announced in June 2020 that it will prohibit fans from wearing MAGA hats and other political apparel.	Is NASCAR Banning MAGA Hats, ‘Political’ Clothing?
vclaim-sno-nascar-national-anthem	NASCAR announced in June 2020 that it was doing away with the national anthem, pre-race prayers, and military flyovers.	Is NASCAR Doing Away with Traditions Such as the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-nascar-noose-bubba-wallace	NASCAR announced that Black driver Bubba Wallace mistook a serpentine belt for a noose in his stall.	Did NASCAR Say a Serpentine Belt, Not a Noose, Was Found in Bubba Wallace’s Garage?
vclaim-sno-nascar-peanuts-superstition	Peanuts in the shell are unlucky at auto racing events.	NASCAR Peanuts Superstition
vclaim-sno-nashville-bomber-covid-19	The man responsible for the bombing in Nashville, Tennessee, died from COVID-19.	Did the Nashville Bomber Die From COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-nashville-explosion-suspect	A photograph shows a person of interest identified by the FBI in the Christmas morning explosion in Nashville.	Is This a Photo of the Nashville RV Explosion Suspect?
vclaim-sno-natalia-bryant-death-hoax	Kobe Bryant's daughter Natalia Bryant died by suicide in February 2020.	Natalia Bryant Death Hoax: Kobe’s Daughter Didn’t Die By Suicide
vclaim-sno-natalie-portman	Actress Natalie Portman made a	Natalie Portman Donated to the Hadassah Medical Center in Israel?
vclaim-sno-nate-predicted-sanders-nomination	Statistician Nate Silver predicted Bernie Sanders would sweep eight states and win the Democratic nomination.	Nate Silver Predicted a Bernie Sanders Nomination Win?
vclaim-sno-nathan-elfrink	Christmas cards are requested for Nathan Elfrink, a 7-year-old boy with terminal cancer.	Christmas Cards for Nathan Elfrink
vclaim-sno-nathan-gilroy-inventor-powersave	Nathan Gilroy, who graduated from MIT, invented Powersave, an energy-saving device meant to reduce household electricity bills.	Is Nathan Gilroy, the Alleged ‘Inventor’ of Powersave, Real?
vclaim-sno-nathan-haddad	A New York man was arrested for carrying ammunition magazines that were banned under a law not yet enacted.	Nathan Haddad
vclaim-sno-nathan-larson-candidate	Virginia congressional candidate Nathan Larson admitted that he is a pedophile.	Is Congressional Candidate Nathan Larson an Admitted Pedophile?
vclaim-sno-nathan-norman	Christmas cards are requested for Nathan Norman, a 5-year-old Virginia boy with cancer.	Christmas Card Appeal: Nathan Norman
vclaim-sno-nathan-phillips-vietnam-veteran	Nathan Phillips falsely claimed to be a U.S. military veteran who served in the Vietnam War.	Did Nathan Phillips Falsely Claim He Was a Vietnam Veteran?
vclaim-sno-national-anthem-sporting-events	House Democrats are voting to bar the playing of the U.S. national anthem prior to sporting events.	Are Democrats Trying To Remove the National Anthem from Sporting Events?
vclaim-sno-national-anthem-stance	Barack Obama said he would replace the U.S. national anthem with the song 'I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing.'	Obama Explains National Anthem Stance?
vclaim-sno-national-capital	There are religious symbols and references in U.S. capital buildings and the words of America's founders.	Religious Symbols in the U.S. National Capital
vclaim-sno-national-day-of-prayer	President Obama has cancelled the National Day of Prayer.	Did President Obama Cancel the National Day of Prayer?
vclaim-sno-national-debt-trump	"The national debt saw a ""surprising"" decline of $102 billion between 20 January and 27 July 2017."	Did the National Debt Fall by $102 Billion After Donald Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-national-defense-authorization-act	"The National Defense Authorization Act would allow ""the U.S. Military to arrest American citizens in their own back yard without charge or trial."""	National Defense Authorization Act
vclaim-sno-national-defense-resources-preparedness	"President Obama issued an executive order giving the President ""unprecedented powers in time of national emergency."""	National Defense Resources Preparedness
vclaim-sno-national-geographics-photograph-year	A photograph of a shark leaping out of the water is real and won an award from National Geographic.	Is This National Geographic’s ‘Photograph of the Year’?
vclaim-sno-national-guard-biden-motorcade	A video shows members of the National Guard turning their backs on U.S. President Joe Biden's motorcade.	Did National Guard Turn Their Backs on Biden’s Motorcade?
vclaim-sno-national-guard-capitol-riot	"On Jan. 4, 2021, two days before Trump supporters rioted in the U.S. Capitol, former acting Defense Secretary Christopher Miller issued a memo that ""disarmed"" D.C. National Guard."	Did Trump Defense Secretary ‘Disarm’ DC National Guard Before Insurrection?
vclaim-sno-national-guard-capitol-riots	The Department of Defense initially denied a request by D.C. officials to deploy the National Guard at the U.S. Capitol as it was breached by a pro-Trump mob seeking to  prevent the certification of the 2020 presidential election.	Were Requests To Deploy National Guard Initially Denied During Capitol Riots?
vclaim-sno-national-guard-parking-garage	Hundreds of members of the National Guard were made to vacate the U.S. Capitol and sent to rest in a nearby parking garage, while providing security around U.S. President Joe Biden's inauguration.	Were National Guard Soldiers Forced To Sleep in a Parking Garage?
vclaim-sno-national-guard-trump-mob	The National Guard was deployed to protect the Lincoln Memorial during the Black Lives Matter protests in the spring of 2020.	Does Pic Show National Guard Troops Protecting Lincoln Memorial During BLM Protests?
vclaim-sno-national-motto-letter	Members of the Congressional Prayer Caucus sent President Obama a letter correcting his reference to	National Motto Letter to President Obama
vclaim-sno-national-naval-hospital	Account describes President Obama’s meeting with wounded soldiers at the National Naval Hospital.	President Obama at National Naval Hospital
vclaim-sno-national-park-service-denying-inauguration-protest-permits	The National Park Service specifically blocked the Million Women March as well as all other demonstrations through March 2017.	National Park Service Denying Inauguration Protest Permits?
vclaim-sno-national-park-trump-wines	The U.S. National Park Service is selling Trump-branded wines at Shenandoah National Park in Virginia.	Is Shenandoah National Park Selling Trump Wines?
vclaim-sno-national-prayer-breakfast-obama-trump	An image macro accurately compares the remarks of President Trump and former President Obama at National Prayer Breakfasts.	National Prayer Breakfast Remarks: President Trump vs. President Obama
vclaim-sno-national-secret-society-agency	"The domain Itanimulli.com (""Illuminati"" spelled backwards) points to the web site of the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA)."	Does ‘Illuminati’ Spelled Backwards on the Internet Point to the NSA?
vclaim-sno-national-security-agencies-on-high-alert-after-trump-caught-telling-dangerous-lie	"U.S. national security agencies went on ""high alert"" after President-Elect Donald Trump was caught telling ""a dangerous lie."""	National Security Agencies on High Alert After Trump Caught Telling Dangerous Lie
vclaim-sno-national-security-officials-disavow-trump	Fifty Republican former national security officials issued an open letter affirming they would not vote for Donald Trump and deeming him dangerously unqualified.	Fifty Former National Security Officials Disavow Trump in Formal Statement
vclaim-sno-nations-vanish-global-warming	In 1989, a senior U.N. environmental official said, “Entire nations could be wiped off the face of the Earth by rising sea levels if the global warming trend is not reversed by the year 2000.”	Did UN Official Say Nations Would Vanish If Global Warming Not Reversed by 2000?
vclaim-sno-nationwide-eas-test	The government will temporarily interrupt all television, radio, communications, and power in the U.S. on 9 November 2011.	Nationwide EAS Test
vclaim-sno-native-american-scouts-long-hair-provided-almost-supernatural-tracking-abilities-vietnam-war	The United States military recruited Native Americans as scouts in the Vietnam War and — in the course of their training — the military discovered that long hair actually helps give people ‘almost supernatural’ tracking abilities.	Did Native American Scouts’ Long Hair Provide “Almost Supernatural” Tracking Abilities During the Vietnam War?
vclaim-sno-native-americans-airplane-arrows	Photograph shows an airplane shot down by Native Americans using wooden arrows.	Native Americans Shot Down an Airplane with Arrows?
vclaim-sno-native-burial-sites-border-wall	Controlled blasting was used near Native American burial sites during the the construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall in Arizona's Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument.	Does Border Wall Construction Threaten Native American Burial Sites?
vclaim-sno-native-sun	Native Americans provided NASA with a cryptic message to take to the moon.	Did Native Americans Give NASA a Message to Take to the Moon?
vclaim-sno-nativity-seen	Facebook is barring users from posting images of nativity scenes.	Is Facebook Banning Images of Nativity Scenes?
vclaim-sno-natural-hair-low-self-esteem	Research by a cosmetics company found that women with natural hair have lower self-esteem than women with treated hair.	Do Women with Natural Hair Have Low Self-Esteem?
vclaim-sno-naugahyde-and-seek	Naugahyde is made from the skins of the nauga, an odd yet engagingly friendly creature native to Sumatra.	Naugahyde and the Nauga
vclaim-sno-navajo-reservation-letter-obama	The U.S. Department of Interior sent out an official news release stating that President Obama was reducing the size of the Navajo Reservation.	President Obama to Reduce the Size of Navajo Reservation
vclaim-sno-naval-engagement	Photograph shows sailors spelling out the words 'FUCK IRAQ' on the deck of a U.S. aircraft carrier.	Did a U.S. Ship Really Display This Message?
vclaim-sno-navy-1988-iranian-jet	In 1988, the U.S. Navy shot down an Iranian passenger jet, killing 290 civilians; Some members of the crew that shot the plane down were later awarded medals, and the United States has not formally apologized for the event.	Did the U.S. Navy Shoot Down an Iranian Passenger Jet in 1988, Killing 290 Civilians?
vclaim-sno-navy-destroyer-collides-building-downtown-houston	A Navy Destroyer crashed into a building in downtown Houston after Hurricane Harvey flooded the city in August 2017.	Navy Destroyer Collides with Building in Downtown Houston?
vclaim-sno-navy-launch-trucks-into-water	A video documents the U.S. Navy's wasteful practice of launching pickup trucks into the water.	Did the US Navy Launch Pickup Trucks Into the Water?
vclaim-sno-navy-raccoon-breathalyzer	"A Navy officer was arrested for ""abuse of public animal"" and ""drunken or reckless driving"" after he used a raccoon to bypass an ignition interlock system."	Did a Drunken Sailor Use a Raccoon to Bypass an Ignition Interlock?
vclaim-sno-navy-seals-blackface	A new policy implemented in November 2018 banned Navy SEALs from wearing blackface during covert operations.	Are Navy SEALs No Longer Allowed to Wear ‘Blackface’?
vclaim-sno-navy-ship-display-crude-word	"A photograph shows the words ""FUCK IRAN"" spelled out on the deck of a U.S. aircraft carrier."	Did a U.S. Navy Ship Display This Crude Message Overhead to Iran?
vclaim-sno-nazi-american-flags-real	A photograph circulating in 2020 shows a group of people holding a flag that combines Nazi symbols with an American flag design.	Are These Nazi/American Flags Real?
vclaim-sno-nazi-flag-menorah-hanukkah	A widely shared image is an authentic photograph that shows a Hanukkah menorah displayed in the home of a Jewish family in Nazi Germany in 1932.	Does a Photo Show a Menorah Displayed in Defiance of Nazism?
vclaim-sno-nazi-flags-trump-rally	Photographs show a vendor at a rally for President Trump displaying Nazi flags and homophobic stickers.	Do These Photographs Show a Nazi Flag and Homophobic Merchandise at a Trump Rally in Pennsylvania?
vclaim-sno-nazi-minions	"The Minions in the film ""Despicable Me"" were inspired by photographs of young Nazi poison gas test subjects."	Were Minions Inspired by Young Nazi Poison Gas Test Subjects?
vclaim-sno-nazi-rally-madison-square-garden	Photographs circulating online in February 2020 show a Nazi rally that was held at Madison Square Garden in 1939.	Do These Photos Show a 1939 Nazi Rally at Madison Square Garden?
vclaim-sno-nazi-remains-giant-catfish	The remains of a Nazi soldier were found in the belly of a giant catfish.	Were Nazi Remains Found in the Stomach of a Giant Catfish?
vclaim-sno-nazi-shooting-baby	A photograph shows Nazi SS troops pointing a gun at the back of a baby's head.	Is This a Photograph of Nazi SS Troops Shooting a Child?
vclaim-sno-nazi-sub-found-in-great-lakes	A Nazi submarine mysteriously surfaced in Lake Ontario.	Was a Nazi Submarine Found in the Great Lakes?
vclaim-sno-nba-10-million-game	NBA referees earned a $10 million bonus after the finals went to game 5.	Did NBA Refs Earn a $10 Million Bonus After Series Went to Game 5?
vclaim-sno-nbc-accidentally-posts-election-results-a-week-early	Chattanooga-area NBC affiliate WRCB inadvertently exposed the rigging of 2016 election results in Hillary Clinton's favor.	NBC Accidentally Posts Election Results a Week Early
vclaim-sno-nbc-vaughn	NBC edited an interview with the family of a deceased Navy SEAL to remove a reference to Christ.	Did NBC Remove a Reference to Christ from an Interview with the Family of a Deceased Navy SEAL?
vclaim-sno-nc-bathroom-bill-opposition-leader-a-sex-offender	"The man leading opposition to a controversial ""bathroom bill"" in North Carolina is a registered sex offender."	NC Bathroom Bill Opposition Leader a Sex Offender?
vclaim-sno-nc-hillary-supporter-votes-multiple-times	A Hillary Clinton supporter in North Carolina voted multiple times using his friends' identities.	North Carolina Hillary Supporter Votes Multiple Times
vclaim-sno-ndaa-nullify-insurrection-act	The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 nullifies the Insurrection Act.	Did 2021 U.S. Defense Bill Nullify the Insurrection Act?
vclaim-sno-neck-gaiters-covid-19	When it comes to protecting against COVID-19 transmission, neck gaiters are worse than wearing no mask at all.	Are ‘Neck Gaiters’ Worse at COVID-19 Transmission Than Foregoing Masks Altogether?
vclaim-sno-negligent-homicide-speeding-crash	A woman was charged with negligent homicide after a car traveling 94 MPH driven by an off-duty police officer crashed into the SUV in which she was riding and killed her infant daughter.	Was a Woman Charged While Off-Duty Cop Who Killed Her Child Was Not?
vclaim-sno-neighborhood-town-watch-threatens-muslim-neighbors	"A photograph shows a threatening letter from a ""neighborhood town watch"" that was widely circulated to Muslims in the United States."	Neighborhood Town Watch Threatens Muslim Neighbors?
vclaim-sno-neil-degrasse-tyson-girl-on-jupiter	Astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson admonished a little girl who said she wanted to live on the planet Jupiter.	Neil DeGrasse Tyson ‘Completely Shuts Down’ Girl Who Wants to Live on Jupiter
vclaim-sno-neil-degrasse-tyson-twitter	Neil deGrasse Tyson addressed gender inequality on Twitter by tearing apart a joke about women in science.	Did Neil deGrasse Tyson Address Gender Inequality in Science on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-neil-gorsuch-separation-of-white-and-black	"Neil Gorsuch called for the ""advancement of the white race"" and segregation in a 2012 statement."	Did Neil Gorsuch Push for the ‘Separation of the White and Black Races’?
vclaim-sno-neil-gorsuch-yearbook	Neil Gorsuch quoted Henry Kissinger in his Columbial University yearbook entry.	Did Neil Gorsuch Quote Henry Kissinger in His Yearbook Entry?
vclaim-sno-neil-gorsuchs-fascism-forever-club	Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch founded a 'Fascism Forever' club at Georgetown Prep and made white separatist/anti-Semitic statements.	Did Neil Gorsuch Found a High School ‘Fascism Forever’ Club?
vclaim-sno-neil-patrick-harris-bernie-affair	U.S. actor Neil Patrick Harris claimed that he had an affair with Bernie Sanders in 1989.	Did Neil Patrick Harris Claim He Had Affair With Bernie Sanders in 1989?
vclaim-sno-neiman-marcus-cookies	Woman gains revenge after being charged $250 by Neiman Marcus for a cookie recipe.	Is the Neiman Marcus Cookie Story True?
vclaim-sno-neko-cases-barn-damaged-by-fire	Musician Neko Case's Vermont farmhouse was badly damaged in a fire in September 2017.	Neko Case’s Farmhouse Damaged by Fire?
vclaim-sno-nelly-arrested	Hip-hop and pop star Nelly was arrested on drug charges while on tour.	Was Nelly Arrested on Drug Charges in April 2017?
vclaim-sno-nelson-mandela-trump-praise	Nelson Mandela praised President Trump ahead of a South African visit by Barack Obama.	Did Nelson Mandela Praise President Trump?
vclaim-sno-neonatal-security-agency	The U.S. government has been microchipping babies since 1983.	Hospital Insider Reveals #39;The Government Has Been Microchipping Babies Since 1983#39;
vclaim-sno-nepal-avalanche	Photograph shows an avalanche that occurred on Mt. Everest after the 2015 Nepal earthquake.	Nepal Avalanche
vclaim-sno-nepal-earthquake-photo	Photograph shows two children holding each other for comfort in the aftermath of the 2015 Nepal earthquake.	Nepal Earthquake Photo
vclaim-sno-nepalese-baby	Photographs show a bizarre-looking baby born in Nepal.	Nepalese Baby
vclaim-sno-nero-in-the-white-house	Mychal Massie wrote an opinion piece entitled “Nero in the White House.”	Nero in the White House
vclaim-sno-nest-of-lies	A Swedish man died after having sex with hornet’s nest.	Swedish Man Dies After Having Sex with Hornet’s Nest
vclaim-sno-nestle-ceo-water-not-human-right	Peter Brabeck-Letmathe, a former chairman and CEO of Nestlé, said that water is not a human right.	Did the Chief Executive Officer of Nestlé Say Water Is Not a Human Right?
vclaim-sno-nestle-coca-cola-trying-to-privatize-guarani-aquifer-in-south-america	Coca-Cola and Nestle are negotiating with the Brazilian government to privatize the Guarani Aquifier in South America.	Are Nestle and Coca-Cola Trying to Privatize a South American Aquifer?
vclaim-sno-net-worth-1m-servicemen	Individuals with a high net worth are ineligible to serve in the military because they are more likely to be insubordinate.	Do a Net Worth Over $1 Million Disqualify You from Military Service?
vclaim-sno-net-worth	Barack Obama’s net worth increased over $10 million from 2008 to 2012.	Barack Obama’s Net Worth
vclaim-sno-net-worths-of-presidents	An image contrasts changes in the financial status of former and current U.S. presidents.	How Have the Net Worths of Presidents Changed?
vclaim-sno-netanyahu-2016-2	Sarah Palin has endorsed the Israeli prime minister for President of the United States.	Sarah Palin Endorses Benjamin Netanyahu for U.S. President?
vclaim-sno-netanyahu-2016	Sarah Palin endorsed Benjamin Netanyahu for President of The United States.	Did Sarah Palin Say That Benjamin Netanyahu Should Run For President Of The United States?
vclaim-sno-netflix-addams-family	Netflix released a teaser trailer for a reboot of 'The Addams Family' in April 2017.	Is Netflix Rebooting the ‘Addams Family?’ Series?
vclaim-sno-netflix-ceo-child-porn-arrest	Netflix CEO Reed Hastings was arrested on suspicion of possessing child pornography.	Was the Netflix CEO Arrested on Child Pornography Charges?
vclaim-sno-netflix-ceo-donald-trump	Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said that Donald Trump 'would destroy much of what is great about America.'	Netflix CEO: ‘Trump Would Destroy Much of What Is Great About America’
vclaim-sno-netflix-ceo-kim-martin-morrow-porn	Netflix CEO Kim Martin Morrow was arrested on child pornography charges.	Did Netflix CEO ‘Kim Martin Morrow’ Get Arrested for Child Pornography?
vclaim-sno-netflix-cuties-poster	In August 2020, Netflix released a film poster that portrayed young girls in what many viewers perceived as a sexualized manner.	Did a Netflix Film Poster Sexualize Young Girls?
vclaim-sno-netflix-disney-collection	The entire Disney movie collection will be available for viewing through Netflix starting in September 2016.	All Disney Movies Available on Netflix in September 2016
vclaim-sno-netflix-friends	Netflix announced that 'Friends' would no longer be available for customers to stream after the end of 2018.	Did Netflix Announce They Will Be Removing ‘Friends’ from Their Streaming Catalog?
vclaim-sno-netflix-home-improvement-reboot	"Netflix released a promotional image for its upcoming series ""Home Improvementer""."	Promo for New Netflix Series ‘Home Improvementer’ Is Fake
vclaim-sno-netflix-n-word-party	"A promotional poster for the Netflix children's show ""Word Party,"" which appeared to some viewers as ""N Word Party,"" was authentic."	Did Netflix Publish a Poster That Read ‘N Word Party’?
vclaim-sno-netflix-orange-is-the-new-black-cancelled	Netflix has cancelled season 5 of the popular prison drama 'Orange Is the New Black.'	Netflix Cancels ‘Orange Is the New Black’?
vclaim-sno-netflix-scam	Netflix is offering users a free one-year subscription due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is Netflix Giving Away Free 1-Year Subscriptions Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-netflix-special-on-a-gay-jesus	"A Netflix special entitled ""The First Temptation of Christ"" implied that Jesus was homosexual."	Does a Netflix Special Feature a ‘Gay Jesus’?
vclaim-sno-netflix-to-be-discontinued	Netflix is shutting down in June 2017 because too many people share their accounts with their friends.	Will Netflix be Discontinued Because of Rampant Account Sharing?
vclaim-sno-netflix-users-update-payment	Netflix is contacting users and telling them to update their payment information, or their accounts will be canceled.	Is Netflix Asking Users to Update Payment Information?
vclaim-sno-neutrogena-makeup-remover-wipes	Neutrogena Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes are causing a number of severe allergic reactions.	Are Neutrogena Makeup Remover Wipes Causing Allergic Reactions?
vclaim-sno-nevada-gaming-denied-trump	"Donald Trump's Las Vegas property is not a casino because the Nevada Gaming Commission refused Trump a gaming license and deemed him insufficiently ""trustworthy."""	Did the Nevada Gaming Commission Deny Trump a Casino License?
vclaim-sno-never-boil-water-twice	Boiling the same water twice will make your water dangerous to drink.	Is Twice-Boiled Water “Toxic”?
vclaim-sno-never-throw-boarding-pass	Thieves can obtain your home address, banking details, e-mail address, phone number, and other personal details from discarded boarding passes.	Is Discarding Your Boarding Pass Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-never-too-old-to-live-your-dream	Account describes Rose, an 87-year-old college student who returned to school to finish her degree.	Never Too Old to Live Your Dream
vclaim-sno-never-underestimate-an-old-gal	Video clip shows 92-year-old Ginger Rogers dancing the salsa with her great-grandson.	Ginger Rogers Dances with Her Great-Grandson?
vclaim-sno-never-wake-sleepwalker	Waking up a sleepwalker could cause the person to have a heart attack, go into a coma, or experience other serious medical conditions.	Should You Avoid Waking a Sleepwalker?
vclaim-sno-new-american-tea-party	Protest against federal spending encourages Americans to mail tea bags to the White House.	New American Tea Party
vclaim-sno-new-arkansas-law-allows-rapists-sue-victims	A new Arkansas law allows rapists to sue their victims to stop an abortion.	Does a New Arkansas Law Allow Rapists to Sue Their Victims?
vclaim-sno-new-army-holistic-medics	"New U.S. Army medics will be treating battlefield injuries with ""alternative medicine"" such as homeopathic dilutions and prayer beads."	Are New Army ‘Holistic Medics’ Treating Gunshot Wounds with Crystals and Essential Oils?
vclaim-sno-new-coke-fiasco	Coca-Cola halted production of its flagship beverage in 1985 and introduced New Coke in its place as a marketing ploy to combat declining market share and rekindle interest in the original drink.	Was the ‘New Coke’ Fiasco Just a Clever Marketing Ploy?
vclaim-sno-new-constitution	The Obama administration has proposed a 2,300-page “New Constitution.”	Obama Administration Proposes 2,300-Page ‘New Constitution’
vclaim-sno-new-deadly-spider	A species of spider new to the U.S. has a lethal bite which killed five people in the summer of 2018.	Did a ‘New Deadly Spider’ Species Kill Several People in the U.S. in the Summer of 2018?
vclaim-sno-new-facebook-algorithm-26-friends	A new Facebook algorithm only shows posts from about two dozen friends in your newsfeed.	Does a New Facebook Algorithm Only Show You 26 Friends?
vclaim-sno-new-federal-gun-law-prevents-open-carry-in-all-50-states	"A federal gun law was passed in September 2016 which will prevent people from practicing ""open carry"" in all 50 states."	New Federal Gun Law Prevents Open Carry in All 50 States
vclaim-sno-new-hackers-on-facebook	Hackers seize control of Facebook accounts to post insulting messages on the walls of friends of those whose accounts they've taken over.	New Hackers on Facebook
vclaim-sno-new-hand-sign-used-teens-acquire-drugs	"A photograph shows a ""new hand sign"" that is being used by teenagers to signal that they wish to buy or sell drugs."	Is a New Hand Sign Being Used by Teens to Acquire Drugs?
vclaim-sno-new-hoverboard-law	A new law makes it illegal for anyone under the age of 16 to ride a hoverboard.	New Hoverboard Law
vclaim-sno-new-jersey-ballot-tax-returns	New Jersey passed a bill to keep President Trump off 2020 ballots if he doesn’t release his tax returns.	Did N.J. Pass a Law Requiring President Trump to Release His Tax Returns?
vclaim-sno-new-jersey-brother-sister-marry	A brother and sister in New Jersey won a case before the U.S. Supreme Court in August 2019 that granted them the right to marry one another.	Did a New Jersey Brother and Sister Win the Right to Marry Each Other?
vclaim-sno-new-jersey-couple-explosion	John and Carole Paladino were slated to testify before a grand jury as part of an investigation against HIllary Clinton before they died in an explosion in July 2018.	Was a New Jersey Couple Killed in an Explosion ‘Set to Testify’ Against Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-new-jersey-gun-confiscation	The state of New Jersey is currently conducting, or plans to conduct, house-to-house confiscations of banned high-capacity gun magazines.	Is New Jersey Conducting Door-to-Door Gun Confiscations?
vclaim-sno-new-killer-insect	Photographs show a “new killer insect” that is able to spread a skin-altering virus when touched.	Is This a New Killer Insect?
vclaim-sno-new-law-bars-employers-from-asking-californians-about-criminal-history	A new California law bars employers from inquiring about criminal backgrounds.	New California Law Bars Employers From Asking About Criminal History?
vclaim-sno-new-law-makes-legal-atheist-doctors-to-refuse-care-religious-patients	A new law in Mississippi makes it legal for atheist doctors and nurses to refuse care to religious patients.	Does a New Law Allow Atheist Doctors to Refuse Care to Religious Patients?
vclaim-sno-new-medicare-card-scam	Federal authorities are calling senior citizens and asking for personal information, before sending out a new Medicare card	New Medicare Card Telephone Scam
vclaim-sno-new-mexico-muslim-extremist-bond	"A ""liberal Democrat"" judge released on bond a Muslim extremist who trained children at a New Mexico compound to become school shooters."	Was a ‘Muslim Extremist’ Granted Bail by a ‘Liberal Democrat’ Judge After Training Children to Shoot Up Schools?
vclaim-sno-new-mexico-ramadan-holiday	New Mexico has made the Muslim observance of Ramadan a state holiday.	Did New Mexico Make Ramadan a State Holiday?
vclaim-sno-new-research-finally-solves-the-fibromyalgia-mystery	New research has uncovered that the true cause of fibromyalgia is an excess number of specific nerves found near a specific kind of blood vessel in the hands and feet, ending the controversy over the disease’s cause and mechanism.	New Research Finally Solves the ‘Fibromyalgia Mystery’?
vclaim-sno-new-research-yellowstone-eruption-occur-sooner	New research from Arizona State University suggests that a catastrophic super-eruption from the Yellowstone caldera could occur sooner than previously thought.	New Research Suggests Massive Yellowstone Eruption Could Occur Sooner Than Expected?
vclaim-sno-new-study-marijuana-crohns	"A ""new"" study has demonstrated that marijuana leads to a ""complete remission"" of Crohn's disease."	Did a New Study Show That Marijuana Leads to a Complete Remission of Crohn’s Disease?
vclaim-sno-new-study-officially-declare-fluoride-neurotoxin	A new study published in the Lancet has officially declared that fluoride is a neurotoxin.	Did a New Study Officially Declare That Fluoride Is a Neurotoxin?
vclaim-sno-new-superfuel	Scientists have discovered a fuel thousands of times more powerful than gasoline and just one company is positioned to own a vast majority of its market share.	Have Researchers Discovered a New ‘Superfuel’ 1,693 Times More Powerful Than Gasoline?
vclaim-sno-new-tick-burrows	A new, rare tick burrows under your skin and moves about undetected.	Is There a New, Rare Tick That Burrows Under Your Skin Undetected?
vclaim-sno-new-twilight-movie-jacob-renesmee	The film sequel Twilight: Breaking Dawn, Part 3 is due for imminent release.	Will a New ‘Twilight’ Movie Feature Jacob and Renesmee?
vclaim-sno-new-usps-mail-truck	A photograph shows the next generation of U.S. Postal Service mail trucks.	Is This the New USPS Mail Truck?
vclaim-sno-new-way-forward-deportations	"The New Way Forward Act, according to Tucker Carlson, would ""protect criminals from deportation"" if it were implemented."	Would the New Way Forward Act Protect Criminals from Deportation?
vclaim-sno-new-years-naples-fireworks-volcano	An animated image shows Mount Vesuvius erupting during a firework celebration in Naples, Italy.	Did New Year’s Fireworks ‘Compete’ with a Volcanic Eruption in Naples, Italy?
vclaim-sno-new-years-superstitions	A variety of superstitions are associated with New Year's Day.	New Year’s Superstitions
vclaim-sno-new-years-times-square-crowds	The celebration to mark the end of 2020 will be the first time the public will be prohibited from gathering for festivities in Times Square on New Year's Eve.	Is Times Square Closed to Crowds on New Year’s for First Time in History?
vclaim-sno-new-york-abortion-poison	The New York Assembly passed a law making it expressly legal to shoot babies in the heart with poison.	Did New York Pass an Abortion Bill Allowing Shooting Babies Through the Heart with Poison?
vclaim-sno-new-york-abortions-birth	The state of New York has passed a bill legalizing abortion up to birth.	Did New York Pass a Bill Legalizing Abortions Up to Birth?
vclaim-sno-new-york-covid-vaccine-preregister	New Yorkers can sign up for early access to the COVID-19 vaccine.	Scam in New York City Urges Residents To ‘Pre-Register’ for COVID-19 Vaccine
vclaim-sno-new-york-easter-cross-light-display	A photograph shows three buildings in New York decorated with window crosses for Easter in 1956.	Crosses on New York
vclaim-sno-new-york-ice-agent-suicide-note	An Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agent left a suicide note warning of looming mass disarmament and collapse in the United States.	New York ICE Agent Suicide Note
vclaim-sno-new-york-jets-colin-kaepernick	The New York Jets have signed quarterback Colin Kaepernick to a one-year, $9 million contract.	Did the New York Jets Sign Colin Kaepernick?
vclaim-sno-new-york-police-takes-rutgers-professor-for-psychological-evaluation-over-political-tweet	A Rutgers University professor was forced into a psychological evaluation due to political tweets.	New York Police Take Rutgers Professor for Psychological Evaluation Over Political Tweet?
vclaim-sno-new-york-stargazing-permit	As of January 2020, New York state requires members of the public to obtain a stargazing permit for use in certain public parks.	Does New York Require a Permit to Stargaze in State Parks?
vclaim-sno-new-york-state-gun-travel-ban	"New York State Gov. Andrew Cuomo issued a multi-state ""travel ban"" involving states with ""lax gun laws."""	New York State Gun Travel Ban
vclaim-sno-new-york-television-station-broadcasts-bizarre-warning-before-hoboken-train-crash	The night before a Hoboken train crash, an Upstate New York station aired a bizarre and unsettling Emergency Alert System test warning mentioning trains.	New York Television Station Broadcasts Bizarre Warning Before Hoboken Train Crash
vclaim-sno-new-yorks-nursing-homes-ship-empty	New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo ordered thousands of COVID-19 patients to be sent to nursing homes, while the USNS Comfort, a hospital ship sent to New York to help treat patients, sat empty and unused.	Were NY Nursing Homes Full of COVID-19 Patients While Hospital Ship Sat Empty?
vclaim-sno-new-zealand-farmer-arrested-selling-sheep	A New Zealand farmer was arrested for selling sheep for use as sex slaves by members of the Islamic State.	Was a New Zealand Farmer Arrested for Selling Sheep as Sex Slaves to the Islamic State?
vclaim-sno-new-zealand-virus-restrictions	A video shows a group of people celebrating the end of COVID-19 restrictions in New Zealand.	Are These New Zealanders Celebrating the End of COVID-19 Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-newark-woman-arrested-for-assaulting-killing-son-with-toy	A Newark woman was arrested for raping and killing her toddler son.	Newark Woman Arrested for Assaulting, Killing Son with Toy?
vclaim-sno-newfoundland-dog	Photograph shows a rare breed of Newfoundland dog bred to hunt bears.	Newfoundland Dog
vclaim-sno-newport-introduces-marijuana-cigarettes-on-sale-worldwide	"Newport developed marijuana cigarettes which will be available for purchase ""next year."""	Has Newport Introduced Marijuana Cigarettes on Sale Worldwide?
vclaim-sno-news-etymology	The word news is an acronym formed from the words north, east, west, and south.	Etymology of ‘News’
vclaim-sno-news-media-fetuses-found-story	ABC, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, NPR, PBS all refused to cover abortionist who kept 2,246 aborted babies.	Did Mainstream Media Outlets ‘Refuse’ to Cover Abortion Doctor Ulrich Klopfer?
vclaim-sno-news-of-the-weak	A four-year study has found that Fox News viewers have IQs 20 points lower than average.	Fox News viewers
vclaim-sno-news-you-can-lose	A TV station was pranked with fake names for pilots involved in an airline crash.	KTVU Makes Racist Plane Crash Gaffe
vclaim-sno-newsmax-biden-pence	"The conservative news website Newsmax published a column that suggested U.S. President Donald Trump should ""retire immediately,"" letting Vice President Mike Pence handle the transition to the incoming Biden-Harris administration."	Did a Newsmax Story Say Trump Should ‘Retire Immediately’?
vclaim-sno-newsom-christian-murders	An account accurately describes the rapes and murders of Christopher Newsom and Channon Christian and the reporting thereof.	Murders of Christopher Newsom and Channon Christian
vclaim-sno-newspaper-ad-ku-klux-klan-praise-donald-trump	An ad for the Ku Klux Klan found in a 2018 newspaper praised the policies of President Donald Trump.	Did a Newspaper Ad for the Ku Klux Klan Praise Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-newspaper-rioters-photo-antifa	"A Texas newspaper incorrectly identified rioters storming the Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021, as “members of Antifa dressed as supporters of President Donald Trump."""	Did a Newspaper Incorrectly Identify Capitol Rioters as Antifa?
vclaim-sno-newsweek-proves-that-wikileaks-is-leaking-phony-hillary-clinton-emails	WikiLeaks was caught by Newsweek fabricating e-mails with the intent of damaging the campaign of Hillary Clinton.	Newsweek Proves That WikiLeaks Is Leaking Phony ‘Hillary Clinton Emails’
vclaim-sno-newsweek-report-trump-impeachment	Newsweek magazine reported that President Trump would be impeached and replaced by Hillary Clinton.	Did Newsweek Report That Trump Will Be Impeached and Replaced by Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-newt-gingrich-tweeted-san-bernardino-attack-november	Newt Gingrich tweeted about the 2 December 2015 San Bernardino shooting on 13 November 2015.	Newt Gingrich Tweeted About San Bernardino Attack in November
vclaim-sno-next-case-on-the-court-colander	Police fool a criminal into confessing through a ruse involving a photocopier and a colander.	Colander Lie Detector
vclaim-sno-nfl-admits-to-rigging-games	The NFL admitted to rigging games in a style similar to professional wrestling.	Did the NFL Admit to Rigging Games?
vclaim-sno-nfl-black-national-anthem	"The NFL is planning to play ""Lift Every Voice and Sing,"" also known as the Black national anthem, before games."	Does the NFL Plan to Play the Black National Anthem Before Games?
vclaim-sno-nfl-donations-black-lives-matter	In November 2017, the National Football League decided to end its donations to various existing charitable commitments and shifted that funding to the Black Lives Matter movement.	Did the NFL Stop Donations to Breast Cancer and Military Charities in Order to Fund Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-nfl-fining-players-for-wearing-911-memorial-cleats	The NFL fined players for violating league uniform rules by wearing 9/11 memorial cleats during football games played on 11 September 2016.	NFL Fining Players for Wearing 9/11 Memorial Cleats?
vclaim-sno-nfl-lawyer-dead	"An NFL ""entertainment lawyer"" was found dead hours after telling reporters that the upcoming Super Bowl was “rigged.”"	Was an NFL Lawyer Who Claimed the Super Bowl Is ‘Rigged’ Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-nfl-man-of-god-headband	"New Orleans Saints linebacker Demario Davis was fined by the NFL for wearing a ""Man of God"" headband."	Was an NFL Player Fined for Wearing a ‘Man of God’ Headband?
vclaim-sno-nfl-national-anthem-ban	The NFL is banning the playing of the U.S. national anthem beginning in 2017.	NFL Banning the National Anthem in 2017
vclaim-sno-nfl-new-covid-19-helmet	An image shows the official COVID-19 series of NFL helmets.	Is This the NFL’s New COVID-19 Helmet?
vclaim-sno-nfl-player-burned-american-flag-in-locker-room	A photograph shows a Seattle Seahawks player burning an American flag.	Did an NFL Player Burn an American Flag in a Locker Room?
vclaim-sno-nfl-players-demand-month	"Four black players sent the NFL an ""ultimatum"" that included demands that the league force ""white fans"" into community activism."	Did Black NFL Players ‘Demand’ that the NFL Force ‘White Fans’ Into Community Activism?
vclaim-sno-nfl-refunds	In September 2017, the Cleveland Browns, Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers refunded season tickets in light of protests by players during the National Anthem.	Cleveland Browns Forced to Issue Refunds to 90 Percent of Season Ticket Holders?
vclaim-sno-nfl-sideline-anthem	NFL players did not stand for the national anthem until the Defense Dept. started paying the league to stage patriotic displays in 2009.	Why Are NFL Players on the Sidelines for the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-nfl-wont-televise-national-anthem-before-super-bowl	The NFL announced that it will not be televising the national anthem before the Super Bowl in February 2018.	Did NFL Decide Not to Televise National Anthem Before Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-niagara-falls-drained	Engineers drained Niagara Falls in 1969 and made a grisly discovery.	Engineers Drained Niagara Falls in 1969, Made Grisly Discovery?
vclaim-sno-niagara-falls-frozen	Photographs show Niagara Falls frozen in 1911 and 2014.	Do Photographs Capture Niagara Falls Frozen?
vclaim-sno-nick-doize	Prayers are requested for Nick Doize, a teenager battling leukemia.	Nick Doize Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-nick-saban-endorse-joe-biden	Democratic U.S. presidential nominee Joe Biden touted University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban's endorsement on Facebook.	Did Nick Saban Endorse Joe Biden?
vclaim-sno-nick-stahl-death-hoax	Actor Nick Stahl died in 2020.	Nick Stahl is Not Dead, despite Misleading Ads
vclaim-sno-nickelback-to-play-trumps-inauguration	Donald Trump posted a message on Twitter stating that Nickelback would play at his inauguration.	Nickelback to Play at Inauguration
vclaim-sno-nickelodeon-off-air-protest	Nickelodeon, the children's network, went off air for eight minutes and 46 seconds to protest police brutality.	Did Nickelodeon Go Off Air for Several Minutes To Protest Police Brutality?
vclaim-sno-nickelodeon-trump-impeachment	Images show coverage of former U.S. President Donald Trump's second impeachment trial on Nickelodeon, a television network for children.	Did Nickelodeon Cover Trump’s 2nd Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-nicky-hayden-death-hoax	World Superbike star Nicky Hayden passed away on 19 May 2017.	Nicky Hayden Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-nicolas-cage-death-hoax	Actor Nicolas Cage died in a motorcycle accident in July 2016.	Nicolas Cage Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-nicolas-cruz-register-jail	Parkland Shooter Nikolas Cruz registered to vote as a Republican from jail.	Did Parkland Shooter Nikolas Cruz Register to Vote as a Republican from Jail?
vclaim-sno-nicotine-non-fit	The Tim Hortons chain of coffee and baked goods stores adds nicotine to its coffee to keep customers hooked on it.	Nicotine in Tim Hortons Coffee
vclaim-sno-nidal-hasan-receives-promotion	The U.S. Army has promoted accused Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan and awarded him the Legion of Merit.	Nidal Hasan Receives Promotion, Legion of Merit
vclaim-sno-nieto-democrats-open-borders	"A photograph captures Mexican drug lord ""El Chapo"" plotting with top Democrats to maintain ""open borders."""	Is This a Picture of ‘El Chapo’ and U.S. Democrats Plotting Open Borders?
vclaim-sno-nigel-farage-martin-webster-photo	A photograph shows Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage with National Front Leader Martin Webster in 1979.	Does a Photo Show Nigel Farage with National Front Leader Martin Webster in the ’70s?
vclaim-sno-nigella-lawson-microwave	"In a December 2020 television episode, Nigella Lawson wildly mispronounced the word ""microwave."""	Did TV Chef Nigella Lawson Mispronounce ‘Microwave’?
vclaim-sno-niger-germany-world-cup	A screen shot from a World Cup match shows team country codes spelling out a racial pejorative.	Is This Offensive Niger vs. Germany World Cup Screen Shot Real?
vclaim-sno-niger-innis	During an interview with CORE national spokesman Niger Innis, MSNBC displayed a graphic identifying him as “Nigger Innis.”	Niger Innis MSNBC Gaffe
vclaim-sno-nigeria-christians-muslims	Muslim militants killed 120 Christians in Nigeria during a three-week period in February and March 2019.	Did ‘Muslim Militants’ Kill 120 Christians in Nigeria in February/March 2019?
vclaim-sno-nigeria-pastor-beheaded	In January 2020, Boko Haram executed pastor Lawan Andimi as a result, at least in part, of his refusal to renounce his Christian faith.	Did Boko Haram Behead a Nigerian Pastor After He ‘Refused to Deny Christ’?
vclaim-sno-nigerian-astronaut-lost-in-space	A Nigerian astronaut lost in space needs $3 million to get back home.	Is a Nigerian Astronaut Lost in Space?
vclaim-sno-nigerian-baby-born-with-message-of-christs-second-coming	A Nigerian infant was born with message written on her hands saying Jesus is coming back.	Was a Nigerian Baby Born with a Message of Christ’s Second Coming?
vclaim-sno-nigerian-scam-2	A wealthy foreigner who needs help moving millions of dollars from his homeland promises a hefty percentage of this fortune as a reward for assisting him.	Nigerian (419) Scam
vclaim-sno-nigerian-spam	A hotel restaurant in Nigeria was found to be selling human meat.	Nigeria: Restaurant Served Roasted Human Heads
vclaim-sno-night-shining-clouds-climate	Evidence shows rare night clouds are linked to human-caused climate change.	Are Rare ‘Night-Shining’ Clouds an Indicator of Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-night-vision-of-loveliness	Drug runner evades detection by driving a fast black car at night while wearing night vision goggles.	Night Vision Glasses While Driving
vclaim-sno-nightclub-patrons-meat	Police in Oregon, Singapore, Australia, and/or Trinidad and Tobago arrested a nightclub owner for killing patrons and selling them as meat.	Did Police Shut Down a Nightclub for Fostering Cannibalism?
vclaim-sno-nightmare-christmas-happy-meal	McDonald's is introducing 'The Nightmare Before Christmas'-themed Happy Meals.	Are ‘The Nightmare Before Christmas’ Happy Meals Coming to McDonald’s?
vclaim-sno-nijaey-hilton	A 5-year-old girl named Nijaey Hilton is missing from her New York home.	Missing Person: Nijaey Hilton
vclaim-sno-nike-afford-let-go	"Nike said that they're a ""$76 billion dollar company that can afford to let go of all ‘Make America Great Again’ customers."""	Did Nike Say They Can Afford to “Let Go of All ‘Make America Great Again’ Customers”?
vclaim-sno-nike-alabama	In September 2018, the University of Alabama football program ended its uniform contract with Nike, in response to Nike's endorsement deal with Colin Kaepernick.	Did the University of Alabama Cut Ties with Nike Over the Colin Kaepernick Endorsement Deal?
vclaim-sno-nike-all-seeing-eye-shoes	"Nike sells shoes featuring an ""All-Seeing Eye"" symbol that represents satanism or the Illuminati."	Does Nike Make Shoes Featuring the ‘All-Seeing Eye’ Symbol?
vclaim-sno-nike-burned-sneakers	Nike released a line of sneakers designed to look as if they had been burned in order get back at consumers who destroyed their products in protest.	Did Nike Release a Line of ‘Burned’ Sneakers to Clap Back at Protesters?
vclaim-sno-nike-coupon-color	Nike offered 'people of color' several coupons for discounts on the company's products.	Did Nike Offer ‘People of Color’ a 75 Percent Off Coupon?
vclaim-sno-nike-cowboys	In September 2017, Nike cut ties with the Dallas Cowboys over national anthem protests.	Did Nike Cut Ties with the Dallas Cowboys Over National Anthem Protests?
vclaim-sno-nike-donate-clothing-veterans	Nike released a statement urging disgruntled consumers to donate clothing to veterans rather than burning it.	Did Nike Urge Disgruntled Consumers to Donate Their Unwanted Shoes to Veterans?
vclaim-sno-nike-donations-republicans	Nike donated three times more to Republicans than Democrats during the 2018 federal election cycle, up to August 2018.	Did Nike Donate Vastly More to Republicans Than Democrats In the 2018 Election Cycle?
vclaim-sno-nike-elephant-shoes-rumor	Nike makes their sneakers with elephant skins.	Nike Doesn’t Make Elephant Skin Shoes
vclaim-sno-nike-fire-colin-kaepernick-after-arrest	Nike, Inc. canceled their endorsement contract with former NFL player Colin Kaepernick after he was arrested for trespassing on a football field.	Did Nike Fire Colin Kaepernick After an Arrest?
vclaim-sno-nike-make-america-great-again-hat	"A photograph shows a Nike-manufactured ""Make America Great Again"" hat."	Is This Nike ‘Make America Great Again’ Hat Real?
vclaim-sno-nike-rehire-michael-vick	In April 2019, Nike re-hired Michael Vick, a former NFL player who served prison time for facilitating dogfighting.	Did Nike Just Re-Hire Michael Vick?
vclaim-sno-nike-shoes-boycott-burn	A photograph captured the injuries a man received when he set fire to the Nike shoes he was wearing.	Did a Man Injure Himself by Setting the Nike Shoes He Was Wearing on Fire?
vclaim-sno-nike-workers-pay-kaepernick	Nike workers in Vietnam earn 20 cents per hour, work 70 to 80 hours per week, and are 80 percent female.	Do Nike Factory Workers in Vietnam Earn 20 Cents Per Hour?
vclaim-sno-nike-workplace-ban	In September 2018, a company banned their employees from wearing Nike products in the workplace.	Did a Business Ban Their Employees from Wearing Nike Products in the Workplace?
vclaim-sno-nikki-haley-affair-accidentally	"U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley ""accidentally confessed"" to being romantically involved with President Trump."	Did Nikki Haley ‘Accidentally Confess’ to an Affair with Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-nikola-tesla-swimming-instructor	A photograph shows Nikola Tesla working as a swim instructor on a New York beach near the end of the 19th century.	Was Nikola Tesla a Swimming Instructor?
vclaim-sno-nikolas-cruz-promise-obama	"Parkland school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz has a ""connection"" to former president Barack Obama and his administration."	Did the Parkland Shooting Suspect Have a ‘Connection’ to Barack Obama?
vclaim-sno-nikolas-cruz-white-supremacist-group	Nikolas Cruz, the confessed gunman in the February 2018 school shooting in Parkland, Florida, is or was a member of a known white supremacist or white nationalist organization.	Is the Florida Mass Shooter a Member of a White Supremacist Group?
vclaim-sno-nine-letters-puzzle	The English language has at least one nine-letter word that remains a valid word as each of its letters is successively removed.	Nine Letters Puzzle
vclaim-sno-nine-year-old-murders-parents-turn-off-wi-fi-punishment	A 9-year-old killed his parents after they turned off wi-fi in their home.	Nine-Year-Old Murders Parents After They Turn Off Wi-Fi for Punishment
vclaim-sno-ninja-turtles-shredders-revenge	"A new video game based on the ""Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles"" cartoons was announced in March 2021."	Is ‘Shredder’s Revenge’ a New ‘Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles’ Video Game?
vclaim-sno-nintendo-sue-paco-gutierrez	Nintendo sued a 9-year-old boy in Venezuela for $200 million for making an analog cardboard Gameboy.	Did Nintendo Sue 9-Year-Old Paco Gutierrez for Making Cardboard Console?
vclaim-sno-ninth-circuit-court-most-overturned	Eighty percent of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals' decisions are overturned by the Supreme Court.	Does the Supreme Court Overturn 80 Percent of Ninth Circuit Court Decisions?
vclaim-sno-nissan-complaint-letter	Australian mine planner's letter expresses frustration at his difficulty in obtaining replacement parts for a Nissan-manufactured bus.	Nissan Complaint Letter
vclaim-sno-niv-removed-bible-verses	Publisher HarperCollins has removed 45 complete verses from the NIV (New International Version) Bible.	Did HarperCollins Remove 45 Complete Verses from the NIV Bible?
vclaim-sno-nixon-alien-life-time-capsule	President Richard Nixon hid a time capsule in the White House containing evidence of alien life and human contact with extraterrestrials.	Did President Nixon Hide Proof of Alien Life in a Time Capsule?
vclaim-sno-nixon-predicted-trump-success	Former President Richard Nixon sent a letter to Trump predicting he would be a successful politician whenever he decided to run for office.	Did Richard Nixon Write a Letter Predicting Donald Trump’s Success in Politics?
vclaim-sno-nixon-watergate-details-illegally-leaked	"During the Watergate scandal, President Nixon blamed all of the controversy on the illegality of the actions of leaker ""Deep Throat."""	Did President Nixon Say Watergate Details Were ‘Illegally’ Leaked by Deep Throat?
vclaim-sno-no-answer	A record label inadvertently mistitled the U.S. version of the Electric Light Orchestra’s debut album because of a misunderstood phone message.	Electric Light Orchestra’s No Answer
vclaim-sno-no-bar-to-success	Hillary Rodham failed her 1973 attempt to pass the District of Columbia bar exam.	Hillary Clinton Failed D.C. Bar Exam
vclaim-sno-no-celebrities-will-perform-at-trump-inauguration	No celebrities are willing to perform for Trump's inauguration.	No Celebrities Will Perform at Trump Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-no-cents	New versions of the Lincoln Cent will omit the motto “In God We Trust.”	New Lincoln Cents and ‘In God We Trust’
vclaim-sno-no-colonel-of-truth	Colonel Sanders left instructions requiring KFC to donate money to the Ku Klux Klan or feed the homeless for free.	Colonel Sanders Left Money to the KKK?
vclaim-sno-no-he-cant	Dr. Anne Wortham wrote “No He Can’t,” an editorial critical of Barack Obama.	Anne Wortham — No He Can’t
vclaim-sno-no-jack-city	A teen boy was arrested for masturbating under a law that prohibits ‘self-rape.’	Boy Arrested, Charged with New ‘Self-Rape’ State Law
vclaim-sno-no-lackin-challenge	"Teenagers are participating in a dangerous new internet craze known as the ""No Lackin Challenge,"" and two teenagers was shot in the head during an instance of the fad gone awry."	No Lackin Challenge
vclaim-sno-no-maam	Letter from former Marine criticizes Sen. Dianne Feinstein’s gun control proposal.	Joshua Boston – No Ma’am
vclaim-sno-no-matter-what	Dr. Walter Williams penned an opinion piece entitled “No Matter What,” about President Obama’a inevitable	Dr. Walter Williams – No Matter What
vclaim-sno-no-michael-jackson-isnt-alive	"A video shows U.S. pop singer Michael Jackson getting out of a coroner's van after being driven to the hospital upon his ""death."""	No, Michael Jackson Isn’t Alive
vclaim-sno-no-nativity-scenes-white-house	The White House decided not to display a Christmas Nativity scene in 2016 (or any other year).	Did the Obama White House Ban Nativity Scenes?
vclaim-sno-no-price-too-high	A punctuation error of a missing comma in a telegram resulted in a costly mistake.	No Price Too High
vclaim-sno-no-sale	The federal government is preventing Volkswagen’s XL1 model car from being sold in the U.S. because the vehicle is too fuel-efficient.	Is Volkswagen’s 300 MPG Car Banned in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-no-shoes-no-shirts-no-motorcycles	Hooters has banned motorcyclists from wearing club patches and colors in all of their locations.	Hooters Bans Motorcycle Clubs from All Restaurants
vclaim-sno-no-thank-you	Letter to President Obama posted on Facebook thanks him for being ‘selfish’ and taking lavish vacations.	Yolanda Burroughs-Vestal Thanks President Obama
vclaim-sno-no-two-snowflakes-alike	No two snowflakes are exactly alike.	Are No Two Snowflakes Exactly Alike?
vclaim-sno-no-way-no-jay	Washington, D.C., has no 'J' Street because city designer Pierre L'Enfant bore a grudge against Chief Justice John Jay.	Why Does Washington, D.C., Have No ‘J’ Street?
vclaim-sno-noah-biorkman	Noah Biorkman, a 5-year-old boy battling cancer, wants to receive Christmas cards.	Christmas Cards for Noah Biorkman
vclaim-sno-noah-feldman-jeffrey-epstein	Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman is the nephew of Jeffrey Epstein.	Is Harvard Law Professor Noah Feldman Related to Jeffrey Epstein?
vclaim-sno-noahs-ark-found	Noah's Ark was found by explorers in eastern Turkey.	Was Noah’s Ark Found by Explorers in Eastern Turkey?
vclaim-sno-noahs-ark-park-flooded	A Noah's Ark exhibit at a Christian theme park in Kentucky was destroyed by a flood.	Was a Noah’s Ark Theme Park Destroyed in a Flood?
vclaim-sno-noam-chomsky-predicted-trumps-presidency	Noam Chomsky predicted the movement that created a Trump presidency.	Noam Chomsky Predicted Trump’s Presidency?
vclaim-sno-nobel-laureate-tasuku-honjo-covid	"Nobel laureate Dr. Tasuku Honjo said that COVID-19 was ""man-made"" at a lab in Wuhan, China."	Did Nobel Laureate Tasuku Honjo Say COVID-19 Was ‘Man-Made’?
vclaim-sno-nobel-peace-prize-trump-turkey	A Nobel Peace Price committee nominated U.S. President Donald Trump after he negotiated a ceasefire in Turkey.	No, a Nobel Peace Prize Committee Didn’t Nominate Trump After Turkey Ceasefire
vclaim-sno-nobodys-fuel	A miraculous car that gets 200 miles to the gallon is sold by mistake then reclaimed by the factory and is never seen again.	Miracle Carburetor
vclaim-sno-noing-the-drill	Fired oil rig worker gains revenge on former bosses by dropping a piece of equipment in the well.	Oil Driller Revenge
vclaim-sno-nolan-ryan-fight-photo	A photograph shows a bleeding Nolan Ryan pitching in the aftermath of an on-field fight with Robin Ventura.	Does This Photograph Show Nolan Ryan Pitching After an On-Field Fight?
vclaim-sno-non-citizens-vote-registered-dmv	Green Card holders are being illegally registered to vote without their knowledge or consent in order to create legal grounds for their deportation.	Are Non-Citizens Being Registered to Vote Without Their Knowledge?
vclaim-sno-noodles-freeze-cold-weather	A photograph shows frozen noodles and a frozen egg suspended in air during extreme cold temperatures in Novosibirsk, Russia.	Did Noodles Freeze Mid-Air Due to Cold Weather?
vclaim-sno-noonan-on-trump	Peggy Noonan penned a 'Wall Street Journal' piece lauding Donald Trump.	Peggy Noonan on Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-noose-hung-outside-capitol	A photograph shows a noose hanging across from the U.S. Capitol before a pro-Trump riot on Jan. 6, 2021.	Was a Noose Hung Across from the US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-nope-and-glory	Students at UC Irvine implemented a ban on the American flag.	UC Irvine Flag Ban Controversy
vclaim-sno-nopeflix	Popular content-streaming service Netflix will declare bankruptcy and shut down due to piracy.	Netflix Bankruptcy
vclaim-sno-nordstrom-card-survey-scam	Nordstrom is giving $200 gift cards to Facebook users who complete three short steps.	Nordstrom Gift Card Survey Scam
vclaim-sno-nordstrom-chapter-11-baio-boycott	Retail chain Nordstrom filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy after Scott Baio boycotts.	Nordstrom Files for Chapter 11 After Scott Baio Boycott?
vclaim-sno-nordstrom-selling-rock-leather-pouch-85	Nordstrom sells a rock in a leather pouch for $85, and a smaller version for $65.	Nordstrom is Selling a Rock in a Leather Pouch for $85
vclaim-sno-norman-rockwell-cat-prevents-fire	"A little-known painting entitled ""Cat Prevents House Fire"" was created by Norman Rockwell."	Little-Known Norman Rockwell Painting: ‘Cat Prevents House Fire’
vclaim-sno-norman-thomas-on-socialism	"Norman Thomas once said that America would eventually unknowingly adopt socialism ""under the name of 'liberalism.'"""	Norman Thomas on Socialism
vclaim-sno-north-carolina-20-bills-fake	North Carolina no longer considers the $20 bill to be legal tender.	North Carolina No Longer Accepts $20 Bills
vclaim-sno-north-carolina-elections-worker-trump	"In August 2017, Richard Robert Rawling was indicted for ""skewing vote tallies"" in favor of Donald Trump and other Republican candidates during the March 2016 primaries."	Was a North Carolina Elections Official Indicted for ‘Rigging’ the 2016 Election?
vclaim-sno-north-carolina-sharia	North Carolina prohibited and criminalized the use of Sharia law.	Did North Carolina Ban Sharia Law and Make It a ‘Criminal Offense’?
vclaim-sno-north-carolina-town-rejects-solar-panels	Residents of a North Carolina town rejected the local installation of a solar farm over fears the technology was harmful.	Did a North Carolina Town Reject Solar Panels?
vclaim-sno-north-carolina-voter-id	North Carolina admitted that a voter ID law was at least partly enacted in response to African-American voting tendencies that went against conservative interests.	Did North Carolina Admit to Targeting Black Voters with a ‘Voter ID’ Law?
vclaim-sno-north-dakota-native-american-voters	H.B. 1369, a North Dakota voter ID law, includes restrictions that disproportionately affect Native American voters.	Has North Dakota Law Made It Harder for Native Americans to Vote?
vclaim-sno-north-dakota-pipeline-protest	A photograph shows a large group of people protesting against the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota.	Suppressed North Dakota Pipeline Protest Photo
vclaim-sno-north-dakota-shoot-protesters	"North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple gave the ""green light"" to shoot indigenous people on sight."	North Dakota Gives the Green Light to Shoot Indigenous Tribes on Sight
vclaim-sno-north-dakota-voting-hunting-licenses	By voting in North Dakota, residents risk losing hunting licenses issued to them by other states.	Will Voting in North Dakota Result in the Loss of Hunting Licenses from Other States?
vclaim-sno-north-korea-americans-live-today	Video features a North Korean propaganda report on 'how Americans live today.'	North Korea – How Americans Live Today
vclaim-sno-north-korea-evacuation-alarms	"Hundreds of thousands of residents in North Korea's capital Pyongyang were evacuated due to ""nuke"" fears."	Did Evacuation Alarms Go Off in Pyongyang, North Korea Amid ‘Nuke Fears’?
vclaim-sno-north-korea-fake-missiles	The missiles displayed during a North Korean military parade were fake.	Did North Korea Display Fake Missiles During a Military Parade?
vclaim-sno-north-korean-medals-photo	A photograph shows a group of North Korean generals wearing medals on their shirtsleeves and pants.	Is This an Unaltered Photograph of North Korean Officers with Medals?
vclaim-sno-northam-meme	Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam said the National Guard would cut power and communications before killing anyone who didn't comply with new gun legislation.	Did Virginia Governor Say He Would Cut Power, ‘Have You Killed’ for Not Turning Over Guns?
vclaim-sno-northern-exposure	Ted Cruz is ineligible to serve as President of the United States because he was born in Canada.	Ted Cruz: Eligible for President?
vclaim-sno-northern-lights-seen-space	A viral item gives a genuine glimpse of the aurora borealis (or aurora australis) from far above the planet.	Are These the Northern Lights Seen From Space?
vclaim-sno-norway-marriage-animals	Norway legalized marriage between a human and animal in either 2017 or 2019.	Did Norway Legalize Marriage Between Humans and Animals?
vclaim-sno-norway-renames-shithole-solidarity-countries-trump-insulted	"Norway announced that it was changing its name to ""shithole."""	Norway Renames Itself ‘Shithole’ in Solidarity With Countries Trump Insulted?
vclaim-sno-norway-surplus-apples-for-free	It's common practice in Norway to give away surplus apples to help feed the hungry by hanging them in bags from a fence.	Are Surplus Apples Hung for Free From Fences in Norway to Feed the Hungry?
vclaim-sno-norway-vaccine-deaths	Twenty-three people in Norway died as a result of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.	Did 23 People In Norway Die After Receiving COVID Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-norwegian-cartoon-banned-twitter-facebook	A cartoon from Norway depicting Donald Trump in a diaper was banned from social media.	Did Twitter and Facebook Ban a Norwegian Cartoon About Trump?
vclaim-sno-norwegian-police-officers	A photograph shows Norwegian police officers in their skintight Summer uniforms.	Is This What Police Uniforms in Norway Look Like?
vclaim-sno-nose-on-forehead	Photograph shows a man with a nose growing on his forehead.	Nose on Forehead
vclaim-sno-nostradamus-911-prediction	Nostradamus predicted the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center.	Did Nostradamus Predict the 9/11 Attacks?
vclaim-sno-nostradamus-covid-19	A meme replicates a Nostradamus prophecy foretelling the 2020 COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.	Did Nostradamus Predict the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-nostradamus-notre-dame-fire	"Nostradamus wrote that ""when the great cathedral glows red, so will begin the descent of man."""	Did Nostradamus Predict the ‘Descent of Man’ After the Notre Dame Fire?
vclaim-sno-nostradamus-predict-feeble-man	"A poem written by a French astrologer claimed that the western world ""will fall"" after a “feeble man” and a “jezebel” took over as rulers."	Did Nostradamus Predict the World Will Fall After a ‘Feeble Man’ Rules?
vclaim-sno-not-dead-yet	Technical glitch on CNN web site revealed obituaries for several famous but not-yet-dead people.	Premature CNN Obituaries
vclaim-sno-not-lovin39-it	McDonald’s is discontinuing the Big Mac, apple pies, and large size menu items.	McDonald’s Removing Big Mac, Apple Pies and Eliminating Large Size Options
vclaim-sno-not-my-dog	A badly behaved dog wreaks havoc while two fellows stand by silently, each thinking it’s the other guy’s pooch.	Mistaken Dog
vclaim-sno-not-my-teeth	Husband loses false teeth after prankingly swapping them with his wife’s lost dentures.	Not My Teeth
vclaim-sno-not-one-drop-bear-cub	Photograph shows a drop bear cub being fed human blood.	Orphaned Drop Bear Cub Being Fed Human Blood?!
vclaim-sno-not-paying-the-devil-his-due	Persons attempt to avoid financial transactions totaling $6.66.	$6.66 Avoidance
vclaim-sno-notre-dame-barrett-nomination	An open letter written by dozens of Notre Dame colleagues of Judge Amy Coney Barrett, U.S. President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, requested that she “halt [the] nomination process” until after the election.	Did Notre Dame Colleagues Ask Barrett to ‘Halt’ Supreme Court Nomination Process?
vclaim-sno-notre-dame-burning-eiffel-tower	A photograph of a fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris shows the Eiffel Tower directly in the background.	Is This Photograph of Notre Dame Burning with the Eiffel Tower Directly in the Background Real?
vclaim-sno-november-6th	Republican presidential candidates have won every election held on	November 6th
vclaim-sno-november-surprise	President Obama has announced a nationwide Muslim outreach program for children from grades K-12.	Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month
vclaim-sno-npr-riot-article-before-riot	NPR published an article that described pro-Trump supporters who decried the 2020 election results storming the U.S. Capitol hours before the riot took place.	Did NPR Publish Article Describing Capitol Riot Before It Happened?
vclaim-sno-nps-twitter-account-shut-down	Official Department of Interior Twitter accounts were temporarily deactivated after the National Park Service account was used to retweet negative information about the incoming Trump administration.	National Park Service Twitter Account Shut Down After Anti-Trump Retweets
vclaim-sno-nra-california-open-carry-ban	The National Rifle Association supported the passage of a 1967 bill in the California legislature banning the open carry of loaded firearms in public.	Did the NRA Support a 1967 ‘Open Carry’ Ban in California?
vclaim-sno-nra-convention-gun-ban	The NRA banned the carrying of guns at their own national convention.	Did the NRA Ban Guns at Their Own Convention?
vclaim-sno-nra-events-guns	"The National Rifle Association banned attendees from carrying firearms into their ""2018 Leadership Forum"" in Dallas, Texas."	Did the NRA Ban Guns at Their Own Leadership Forum?
vclaim-sno-nra-founded-protect-black-people-kkk	The National Rifle Association was formed for the express purpose of driving out the Ku Klux Klan and helping freed slaves defend themselves against racist attacks.	Was the NRA Founded to Protect Black People from the Ku Klux Klan?
vclaim-sno-nra-hillary-clinton-quote	Hillary Clinton vowed that she would shut down the NRA and ban handguns if she were elected President.	Hillary Clinton: ‘I Will Get the NRA Shut Down for Good’
vclaim-sno-nra-leader-wayne-lapierre-receive-draft-deferment-nervous-disorder	NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre was disqualified from the draft due to a psychological condition.	Did NRA Leader Wayne LaPierre Receive a Draft Deferment for a ‘Nervous Disorder’?
vclaim-sno-nra-letter-wisconsin-judges	"The NRA sent Wisconsin Supreme Court candidates a letter urging them to submit a ""position statement"" on gun rights, or risk opposition from NRA members in the state."	Did the NRA Ask Judicial Candidates for ‘Position Letters’ on Guns?
vclaim-sno-nra-president-jim-porter-matter-time-can-colored-people	NRA president Jim Porter declared that 'it's only a matter of time before we can own colored people again.'	NRA President Jim Porter: ‘It’s Only a Matter of Time Before We Can Own Colored People Again’?
vclaim-sno-nra-tax-exempt-non-profit	The NRA is a tax-exempt nonprofit organization.	Is the NRA a Tax-Exempt Nonprofit Organization?
vclaim-sno-nra-thomas-friends-kkk	In September 2018, Dana Loesch hosted an NRA television segment that showed Thomas the Tank Engine characters wearing digitally-added Ku Klux Klan hoods.	Did NRATV Digitally Add Ku Klux Klan Hoods to Thomas the Tank Engine Characters?
vclaim-sno-nra-violence-against-women-act	In April 2019, when the U.S. House of Representatives voted to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, the NRA opposed the move due to the addition of amendments that would lower the criminal threshold required to bar someone from buying a gun.	Did the NRA Oppose Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act in April 2019?
vclaim-sno-nsa-on-the-shelf	The popular Christmas toy Elf on the Shelf was begun by the National Security Agency.	SNOWDEN: ‘Elf on a Shelf’ Actually Hugely Successful NSA Project
vclaim-sno-nsa-toilet-cameras-sign	"The National Security Agency puts  toilet cameras in restrooms for ""research purposes,"" and fines those who tamper with them."	NSA Toilet Cameras Sign
vclaim-sno-nuby-pacifier-recall	Nuby brand pacifiers have been recalled because they pose a choking hazard to babies.	Nuby Pacifier Recall
vclaim-sno-nuclear-bomb-detonated-in-ukraine	Rumor: A nuclear bomb was detonated in Ukraine in February 2015.	Nuclear Bomb Detonated in Ukraine?
vclaim-sno-nuclear-fallout-map	Map issued by Australian Radiation Services shows the expected path of nuclear fallout from Fukushima across the western U.S.	Fukushima Nuclear Fallout Map
vclaim-sno-nuclear-family	Cabbage Patch dolls were designed to get people accustomed to the appearance of mutants following a thermonuclear war or were modeled upon mentally defective children.	Cabbage Patch Dolls
vclaim-sno-nuclear-mutant-daisies	A photograph shows a group of daisies that mutated due to radiation from the Fukushima nuclear power plant.	Are Mutated Daisies Growing Near Fukushima?
vclaim-sno-nude-sunbather-turtle-eggs	A nude sunbather was injured when a predatory bird ripped away one of his testicles.	Did a Seagull Rip Offa  Man’s Testicle as He Sunbathed Naked?
vclaim-sno-nugents-of-wisdom	Ted Nugent said that Native Americans should “go back where they came from.”	Ted Nugent Calls for Native Americans to 'Go Back Where They Came From'
vclaim-sno-nunes-flynn-turkey-meeting	Did House Intelligence Committee chair Devin Nunes meet with Michael Flynn and the Turkish foreign minister?	Did Devin Nunes Meet with Michael Flynn and Turkey’s Foreign Minister?
vclaim-sno-nuns-at-trump-rally-maga	Photographs show three nuns in MAGA masks behind U.S. President Donald Trump at a rally in Ohio.	Did Nuns Attend a Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-nurse-gop-convention-shooting	Amy Thorn, a West Virginia nurse who spoke at the Republican National Convention in August 2020, was charged with shooting a woman in the stomach in October 2020.	Was a Nurse Who Spoke at the GOP Convention Charged With Shooting a Woman?
vclaim-sno-nurse-passes-out	Tennessee nurse Tiffany Dover passed out because of the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine.	No, a Nurse Didn’t Faint Because of the COVID-19 Vaccine
vclaim-sno-nutella-cancer-risk	A study has determined that Nutella brand spread includes a known carcinogen among its ingredients.	Does Nutella Contain a Known Carcinogen?
vclaim-sno-nutz-r-us	"A North Carolina provider of mental health services is named ""Nutz R Us."""	Nutz R Us
vclaim-sno-nwllab-moh-bulletin-coronavirus	"A viral social media post in January 2020 represented an authentic, accurate ""health bulletin"" about the new coronavirus outbreak from an official public health authority."	Was This ‘Health Bulletin’ an Accurate Coronavirus Warning?
vclaim-sno-ny-dems-block-tuition-aid-gold-star	Democrats in a committee of the New York Assembly voted to block a bill extending the state's tuition aid program covering Gold Star families to include children of service members killed or disabled while not in combat.	Did NY Democrats Block a Bill Expanding Tuition Aid for Gold Star Families?
vclaim-sno-ny-lawmaker-anti-harassment	Sen. Jeff Klein (D-New York) is part of negotiations regarding anti-sexual harassment laws — after he was accused of the same offense.	Is a New York Lawmaker Accused of Sexual Misconduct Negotiating Anti-Harassment Laws?
vclaim-sno-nyc-firefighter-memorial	A memorial to New York City firefighters will be rendered in a historically inaccurate way.	WIll a NYC Firefighter Memorial Be Historically Inaccurate?
vclaim-sno-nyc-premarked-ballots	Residents in the Queens Village section of New York City received ballots pre-marked for Joe Biden and other Democratic candidates.	Did Some New York Residents Receive Pre-Marked Ballots?
vclaim-sno-nyc-restaurant-serves-humans	A New York City restaurant received a license to serve human flesh.	Did an NYC Restaurant Get a License To Serve Human Flesh?
vclaim-sno-nyc-sanitation-posters	Photographs show politically controversial artworks installed around NYC by the city's sanitation department.	Did the NYC Sanitation Department Put Up These Controversial Posters?
vclaim-sno-nyet	Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev was denied permission to visit Disneyland during a state visit to the U.S. in 1959.	Nikita Khrushchev at Disneyland
vclaim-sno-nylabone-seizure-rumor	Nylabone brand pet products are toxic and cause dogs to have seizures.	Do Nylabone Pet Products Cause Seizures in Dogs?
vclaim-sno-nypd-arm-bands	Plainclothes New York City police officers wear colored arm bands to identify themselves to other police officers.	Do Plainclothes NYPD Officers Wear Colored Arm Bands?
vclaim-sno-nypd-denied-service-at-a-brooklyn-dunkin-donuts	A Dunkin' Donuts in Brooklyn refused to serve two NYPD officers.	Were New York Police Denied Service at a Brooklyn Donut Shop?
vclaim-sno-nypd-fbi-malcolm-x-assassination	In February 2021, a letter written by a former NYPD officer became public that alleged the NYPD and FBI conspired in the 1965 murder of Malcolm X.	Did Former NYPD Officer Say Police, FBI Conspired In Assassination of Malcolm X?
vclaim-sno-nypd-officer-caught-raping-girl	A New York City police officer was caught on camera raping a teenage girl.	New York Police Officer Caught on Camera Raping Girl?
vclaim-sno-nypd-raids-hillary-clintons-property	The NYPD raided Clinton's property as part of the Anthony Weiner investigation.	New York Police Raid Hillary Clinton’s Property
vclaim-sno-nyt-1924-hitler-tamed-by-prison	"In December 1924, the New York Times reported that Adolf Hitler's short term of imprisonment had left him ""tamed"" and ""no longer to be feared."""	Did The New York Times Report in 1924 That Hitler Was ‘Tamed by Prison’?
vclaim-sno-nyt-wilson-address	The New York Times published Darren Wilson's current residence address, then redacted it.	Did the New York Times Publish Darren Wilson’s Address?
vclaim-sno-nytimes-wiretap-articles	"The New York Times contradicted their 20 January 2017 report about wire tapping in an article entitled ""Trump, Offering No Evidence, Says Obama Tapped His Phones."""	Did the New York Times Contradict Their 20 January 2017 Report About Wiretapping?
vclaim-sno-nz-prime-minister-massacre-aid	New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern wore a hijab and offered financial assistance in support of Christchurch shooting victims.	Did New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern Don a Hijab and Offer Aid to Families of Massacre Victims?
vclaim-sno-o-christmas-fee	The U.S. government has imposed a 15¢ tax on Christmas trees.	Christmas Tree Tax
vclaim-sno-o-j-simpson-case-knife-claim	A bloody knife was recently uncovered on the grounds of O.J. Simpson's former home.	O.J. Simpson Case Knife Claim
vclaim-sno-oak-trees-versailles-notre-dame	Following the French Revolution, the French planted a forest of oak trees at Versailles to be used should repairs to Notre Dame ever be needed again.	Were Oak Trees Planted at Versailles for the Purpose of Repairing Notre Dame?
vclaim-sno-oakland-coffee-police-officers	In February 2018, the owners of a café in Oakland, California said they would not be serving police officers and would be asking them to leave.	Did an Oakland Café Refuse to Serve Police Officers?
vclaim-sno-oakland-raiders-players-punish-derek-carr-standing-national-anthem	The Oakland Raiders' offensive line allowed quarterback Derek Carr to be sacked several times because he did not take part in a protest during the national anthem.	Did Oakland Raiders Players Punish Derek Carr for Standing During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-oakland-shortstop-nra-shirt	"An Oakland A's shortstop laid on his back during the playing of the national anthem, while wearing a shirt reading ""Kill the NRA."""	Did an Oakland A’s Shortstop Wear a Shirt Reading ‘Kill the NRA’?
vclaim-sno-oath-keepers-ohio-mall	Members of an Ohio 'Oath Keepers' group tried to charge a woman and her son to walk through a shopping mall during an event.	Did ‘Oath Keepers’ Charge an Ohio Woman to Walk Across a Mall?
vclaim-sno-obama-400-million-restitution	A federal appeals court has ordered that Barack Obama repay $400 million to the American people.	Did a Court Order Obama to Pay $400 Million in Restitution?
vclaim-sno-obama-65000-hot-dogs	A leaked email proves that President Obama once spent $65,000 of taxpayer money on hot dogs.	Did President Obama Once Spend $65,000 on Hot Dogs?
vclaim-sno-obama-admin-wuhan-lab-grant	The Obama administration provided a $3.7 million grant to the Wuhan Institute of Virology in China.	Did Obama Admin Give Wuhan Laboratory a $3.7 Million Grant?
vclaim-sno-obama-administration-unable-arrange-release	The Obama administration failed to secure the release of three men being detained by North Korea in 2018.	Was the Obama Administration Unable to Arrange the Release of Three Hostages in North Korea?
vclaim-sno-obama-admiral-stop-bibles	President Obama demanded that an admiral stop distributing Bibles.	Obama Demanded This Admiral Stop Giving Out Bibles?
vclaim-sno-obama-admits-kenya-birth	A video clip shows Barack Obama acknowledging that he is not a natural-born  U.S. citizen.	Does This Video Show Barack Obama Admitting He Was Not Born in Hawaii?
vclaim-sno-obama-agree-trump-administration-immigration-policies	A video shows President Obama agreeing with President Trump on immigration policy.	Did This Video Show Obama Agreeing with the Trump Administration on Immigration Policies?
vclaim-sno-obama-al-sharpton-taxes	President Obama forgave Al Sharpton's huge tax debt.	Al Sharpton’s Tax Debt
vclaim-sno-obama-aleister-crowley	A photograph shows President Obama wearing an Aleister Crowley shirt.	Does a Photograph Show Obama Wearing an Aleister Crowley T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-obama-all-american-voter-fraud	"The WikiLeaks 'Podesta archive' included an e-mail that stated President Obama had ""directed his supporters in Colorado to engage in a little all-American voter fraud."""	WikiLeaks E-Mail Says Obama Directed His Supporters to Engage in ‘All-American Voter Fraud’
vclaim-sno-obama-allows-satanic-ceremony	President Obama permitted the first-ever Satanic ceremony at a State Capitol.	Obama Allows Satanic Ceremony at State Capitol
vclaim-sno-obama-americans-are-better-off-under-martial-law	During an interview with the Washington Post, President Obama stated that Americans would be better off under martial law.	President Obama: Americans Are Better Off Under Martial Law
vclaim-sno-obama-and-trump-use-umbrellas	A photograph shows Donald Trump using an umbrella to keep only himself dry, while another image shows President Obama giving his umbrella to Michelle Obama to keep her dry.	Obama and Trump Use Umbrellas
vclaim-sno-obama-apologizes-for-declaration-of-independence	President Obama issued an executive order apologizing to Great Britain for the Declaration of Independence.	Obama Apologizes for Declaration of Independence
vclaim-sno-obama-apology-hiroshima	President Obama apologized for dropping bombs on Japan at the end of World War II.	Did Obama Apologize for Dropping the Atomic Bomb on Japan?
vclaim-sno-obama-army-anti-trump-activists	"Former President Barack Obama is ""commanding"" an army of anti-Trump protesters from his home near the White House."	Is Obama ‘Commanding’ an Army of 30,000 Anti-Trump Activists from His Home?
vclaim-sno-obama-arrested-in-japan	President Obama was arrested in Japan in connection with the seizure of massive amounts of cocaine on his yacht.	Was Barack Obama Arrested in a Japanese Drug Bust?
vclaim-sno-obama-attach-personal-message-letter-wrote-trump	President Barack Obama put a threatening message in a letter he left for incoming President Donald Trump.	Did Barack Obama Attach an Ominous Message to a Letter He Wrote to Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-obama-bald-eagle-bison	President Obama is set to replace the bald eagle as the U.S.'s national animal.	Obama Orders Bison to Replace Bald Eagle as National Symbol
vclaim-sno-obama-bans-confederate-flag	President Obama has signed an executive order banning the possession and sale of Confederate flags.	Obama Bans Confederate Flag Through Executive Order
vclaim-sno-obama-begun-confiscating-guns-force	"President Obama has started confiscating guns ""by force."""	Obama Begins Confiscating Guns by Force
vclaim-sno-obama-bernie-2016-sign	"A photograph shows President Obama pointing to a ""Bernie 2016"" sign."	Image Shows President Obama with “Bernie 2016” Sign
vclaim-sno-obama-biological-father-lawsuit	Ezekiel Wilekenmeyer Williams, the biological father of Malia and Sasha Obama, has filed a lawsuit against Barack and Michelle Obama.	Obamas Being Sued by Malia and Sasha’s Biological Father?
vclaim-sno-obama-black-lives-matter-memorial	President Obama issued an executive order calling for the creation of a Black Lives Matter memorial wall in Washington, DC.	Obama Calls for Black Lives Matter Memorial
vclaim-sno-obama-black-panther-photo	A 1998 photograph shows a young  Barack Obama as a member of the Black Panther Party.	Was Barack Obama a Black Panther?
vclaim-sno-obama-block-fox-news-reporters	The Obama administration blocked or banned Fox News reporters from White House press conferences.	Did Obama Block Fox News Reporters from White House Press Conferences?
vclaim-sno-obama-bribed-iran-400-million-to-release-u-s-prisoners	The Obama administration secretly bribed Iran to release four prisoners in January 2016.	Obama Bribed Iran $400 Million to Release U.S. Prisoners?
vclaim-sno-obama-build-cages-immigrants	The Obama administration, not the Trump administration, built the cages that hold many immigrant children at the U.S.-Mexico border.	Did Obama Admin Build Cages That House Immigrant Children at U.S.-Mexico Border?
vclaim-sno-obama-burial-plot	President Obama submitted plans for an opulent, taxpayer-funded burial site.	Obama’s Burial Plot is a Massive Waste of Taxpayer Money?
vclaim-sno-obama-caliph-isis-photo	A photograph shows President Obama holding a rocket launcher in a car with Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.	President Obama with ISIS Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
vclaim-sno-obama-called-libya-a-sht-show-and-media-was-silent	"President Obama called Libya a ""Shit Show"" and the media ignored the vulgarity."	Did the Media Ignore Obama Calling Libya a ‘Shit Show’?
vclaim-sno-obama-calls-americans-lazy	"Obama twice described Americans as ""lazy"" during a town hall meeting in Laos."	Did Obama Call Americans ‘Lazy’ in an Overseas Speech?
vclaim-sno-obama-calls-putin-a-jackass	"President Obama called Russian president Vladimir Putin a ""jackass"" at the close of the G20 summit."	G20 Ends Abruptly as Obama Calls Putin a Jackass?
vclaim-sno-obama-cameron-kiss	A photograph shows Barack Obama kissing British prime minister David Cameron.	DId President Obama Kiss David Cameron?
vclaim-sno-obama-campaign-candidates-2018	Every candidate Barack Obama campaigned for in 2018 lost.	Did Every Candidate Barack Obama Campaigned for in 2018 Lose?
vclaim-sno-obama-campaign-use-tactics-cambridge-analytica	Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns used the same tactics and techniques for which Cambridge Analytica and the Trump campaign criticized in 2018.	Did the Obama Campaign Employ the Same Tactics as Cambridge Analytica?
vclaim-sno-obama-changes-oath-of-allegiance	President Obama has changed the Oath of Allegiance for naturalized citizens to remove a vow to defend the U.S.	President Obama Changes Oath of Allegiance
vclaim-sno-obama-changing-face-america	Photographs show Muslims praying in the streets of New York City.	Obama Is Changing the Face of America
vclaim-sno-obama-chicago-transgender-locker-room	President Obama ordered a Chicago school to either allow a transgender boy use the girls' locker room or else lose its federal funding.	Locker Gloom
vclaim-sno-obama-cia-isis-train	U.S. President Barack Obama ordered the CIA to train and/or arm Islamic State fighters.	Did Obama ‘Order the CIA to Train Islamic State’?
vclaim-sno-obama-claiming-kenyan-citizenship	Former U.S. President Barack Obama is about to claim Kenyan citizenship to avoid being tried for treason by the U.S.	Is Obama Claiming Kenyan Citizenship to Avoid Being Tried for Treason?
vclaim-sno-obama-commissions-gender-neutral-bible	"President Obama signed an executive order commissioning pastor Rob Bell to write a ""gender neutral Bible."""	Obama Commissions Gender Neutral Bible
vclaim-sno-obama-confederate-campaign-button	The 2012 Barack Obama presidential campaign distributed a button featuring a Confederate flag.	Is This a Real Obama Campaign Button?
vclaim-sno-obama-confirms-he-will-refuse-to-leave-office	President Obama has announced he'll refuse to leave office if Donald Trump is elected President.	No, Obama Did Not Confirm He Will Refuse to Leave Office if Trump Wins
vclaim-sno-obama-coronavirus-masks	Former President Barack Obama's administration was to blame for the shortage of protective equipment like N95 respirator masks in the early months of the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic.	Was Obama Responsible for N95 Masks Shortage?
vclaim-sno-obama-country-owes-gratitude	"Former President Obama said the U.S. owes him a ""debt of gratitude"" for his leadership."	Did Barack Obama Say ‘The Country Owes Me a Debt of Gratitude’?
vclaim-sno-obama-created-more-jobs-trump	During the final three years of Barack Obama's presidency, the number of jobs added was 1.5 million greater than the number added during President Donald Trump's first three years in office.	Did Obama’s Last 3 Years See More Jobs Created Than Trump’s First 3?
vclaim-sno-obama-crying-like-a-psychopath-meme	According to a body language expert, a photograph of President Obama crying reveals he is a psychopath.	Obama Crying Like a Psychopath Meme
vclaim-sno-obama-cuts-military-pay	President Obama has used a loophole in federal statutes to cut military pay three years in a row.	Obama Cuts Military Pay 3rd Year in a Row?
vclaim-sno-obama-declares-islam-as-americas-religion	"President Obama declared Islam as America's ""official religion."""	Obama Declares Islam as America’s Religion
vclaim-sno-obama-demands-monument	"President Obama demanded a monument to himself because ""there's plenty of monuments dedicated to racist white people."""	President Obama ‘Demands’ Monument to Himself
vclaim-sno-obama-demands-rib	"A video surfaced in October 2016 showing President Obama demanding ""ribs and pussy."""	President Obama Demands ‘Ribs and Pussy Too?’
vclaim-sno-obama-deported-more-people	A record number of people were deported from the U.S. during Barack Obama's tenure as President.	Were More People Deported Under the Obama Administration Than Any Other?
vclaim-sno-obama-divorce-rumors	Barack and Michelle Obama have filed for divorce in Illinois.	Have Obama Divorce Rumors Been Confirmed?
vclaim-sno-obama-do-something-about-president	"President Obama said ""If we don’t do something about this president, I will"" at a Democratic fundraiser in June 2018."	Did Barack Obama Say ‘If We Don’t Do Something About This President, I Will?’
vclaim-sno-obama-dog-airplane	The Obamas had their dog, Bo, flown on his own airplane to join them on vacation.	Did the Obamas’ Dog Fly on Its Own Plane?
vclaim-sno-obama-dont-separate-mommy-protest-sign-real	"A photograph shows a group holding a protest sign reading ""Obama don't separate me from my mommy."""	Is an ‘Obama Don’t Separate Me From My Mommy’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-obama-door-kick	Video shows Barack Obama kicking in a door after storming out of a meeting with Congressional leaders.	Is This President Obama Kicking Open a Door?
vclaim-sno-obama-drone-strikes	U.S. President Barack Obama authorized more than 500 drone strikes.	Did President Obama Order More Than 500 Drone Strikes?
vclaim-sno-obama-encouraged-illegal-aliens-to-vote	"President Obama encouraged ""illegal aliens"" to vote and said there would be no consequences if they do."	Obama Encouraged ‘Illegal Aliens’ to Vote
vclaim-sno-obama-endorses-grandson-terrorist	Former U.S. President Barack Obama endorsed the grandson of a terrorist for federal office.	Did Barack Obama Endorse the Grandson of a Terrorist for U.S. Congress?
vclaim-sno-obama-enforces-islamic-prayer	"President Obama ""enforced"" an Islamic opening prayer in the U.S. House of Representatives."	Did President Obama Enforce an Islamic Prayer Opening in the U.S. House?
vclaim-sno-obama-epstein-medal-freedom	President Obama awarded Jeffrey Epstein the Medal of Freedom.	Did President Obama Award Jeffrey Epstein the Medal of Freedom?
vclaim-sno-obama-even-terrorists-have-rights	"President Obama said, ""Even terrorists have rights and we should respect them."""	President Obama: ‘Even Terrorists Have Rights and We Should Respect Them’
vclaim-sno-obama-event-registry	The Obama Event Registry allows users celebrating special occasions to solicit campaign donations in place of gifts.	Obama Event Registry
vclaim-sno-obama-evicted-mansion	President Obama was evicted from a Washington, D.C., mansion for damaging the building.	Obama Evicted from His DC Mansion for Breaking One Major Clause in His Lease?
vclaim-sno-obama-executive-order-hussain	President Obama signed an executive order to replace Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia with Rashad Hussain.	Obama Signs Executive Order to Replace Supreme Court Justice Scalia?
vclaim-sno-obama-executive-order-military-citizens	President Obama signed an executive order allowing the use of the U.S. military against American citizens.	Obama Signs Executive Order Allowing Military to Fight US Citizens
vclaim-sno-obama-fauci-gates-wuhan-lab	A photograph shows President Obama, Dr. Anthony Fauci, and Melinda Gates at a laboratory in Wuhan, China, in 2015.	Is This Obama, Fauci, and Gates at a Wuhan Lab in 2015?
vclaim-sno-obama-fbi-connect-dots	A revealing photograph shows President Obama with current and future FBI directors.	Obama and the FBI — Connect the Dots
vclaim-sno-obama-fines-abc-charlie-brown-christmas	President Obama and the FCC fined ABC for airing A Charlie Brown Christmas because it was offensive to non-Christians.	Obama Fines ABC for Charlie Brown Christmas?
vclaim-sno-obama-first-ex-president-criticize-successor	"In criticizing Donald Trump, Barack Obama became the first former U.S. president to publicly ""speak against"" his successor."	Was Barack Obama the First Ex-President to ‘Publicly Speak Against’ His Successor?
vclaim-sno-obama-flag-pearl-harbor	President Obama ordered the removal of an American flag at a Pearl Harbor memorial.	Marine Corps’ Pearl Harbor Memorial Flags Removed at President Obama’s Request
vclaim-sno-obama-flags-houston-reagan	President Obama ordered flags be flown at half-staff to mark the death of singer Whitney Houston, but he did not extend that honor to former first lady Nancy Reagan.	Obama Lowered Flags for Whitney Houston But Not Nancy Reagan
vclaim-sno-obama-fly-lip-image	A photograph shows U.S. President Barack Obama with a fly near his lip.	Is This Image of Obama With a Fly Near His Lip Real?
vclaim-sno-obama-for-kenya-presidency	Former U.S. President Barack Obama announced his intention to run for president of Kenya in 2021.	No, Obama Didn’t Announce His Intent to Run for President of Kenya in 2021
vclaim-sno-obama-force-fbi-delete-500000-fugitives	A decision by the Justice Department under the Obama administration forced the FBI to purge the names of 500,000 fugitives from justice from the background check database for firearms purchases.	Did Obama’s Justice Department Force the FBI to Delete 500,000 Fugitives from a Background Check Database?
vclaim-sno-obama-forces-americans-to-celebrate-gay-sex	"President Obama has demanded all Americans ""celebrate gay sex"" for the month of June 2016."	Obama Forces Americans to ‘Celebrate’ Gay Sex
vclaim-sno-obama-foreign-contributions	U.S. President Obama accepted $21.6 million in illegal foreign donations to his 2012 re-election campaign.	Did Barack Obama Accept $21.6 Million in Foreign Contributions to His 2012 Re-Election Campaign?
vclaim-sno-obama-foreign-student	"Recently released records document that Barack Obama received college financial aid in the U.S. as a ""foreign student from Indonesia."""	Was Barack Obama a Foreign College Student?
vclaim-sno-obama-foundation-ballot-printing	The Obama Foundation owns 82% of mail-in ballot printers.	Does the Obama Foundation Own 82% of Mail-In Ballot Printers?
vclaim-sno-obama-foundation-floyd-death	The Obama Foundation mysteriously tweeted an image of a protest sign with George Floyd's face on it on May 16 and 17, 2020, more than a week before his death.	Did Obama Foundation Share Pic of George Floyd 9 Days Before He Died?
vclaim-sno-obama-foundation-indictment	Former president Barack Obama's foundation is being investigated for racketeering.	Did the Obama Foundation ‘Just Break Its First Federal Law’?
vclaim-sno-obama-freed-uss-cole-terrorist	President Obama freed USS Cole bomber Mashur Abdallah Ahmed al Sabri from Guantánamo Bay.	Obama Freed USS Cole Terrorist?
vclaim-sno-obama-general-greene-funeral	President Barack Obama broke precedent by declining to attend the funeral of General Harold Greene and failing to send any administration officials to the ceremony.	Did the Obama Administration Break Precedent with Funerals for Generals?
vclaim-sno-obama-gives-bush-bunny-ears	"A photograph of current and former U.S. presidents shows President Obama giving former President George W. Bush ""bunny ears."""	Did Obama Give George W. Bush ‘Bunny Ears’?
vclaim-sno-obama-gives-kill-order-for-bald-eagles	"The Obama administration has proposed revising power guidelines that could affect eagles, but the President hasn't issued a ""kill order"" allowing the slaughter of thousands of bald eagles per year."	Obama Issues ‘Kill Order’ for Bald Eagles
vclaim-sno-obama-gives-san-bernardino-terrorists-islamic-funeral	"President Obama ""scrambled"" to ensure a proper Islamic burial for the San Bernardino shooters."	FALSE: Obama Gives San Bernardino Terrorists Islamic Funeral
vclaim-sno-obama-golf-outing-with-tiger-woods	Taxypayers paid $4 million for President Obama to play golf with Tiger Woods.	Obama Golf Outing with Tiger Woods Cost Nearly $4 Million?
vclaim-sno-obama-gun-laws-crime	"President Obama said that ""if we pass more gun laws, crime will go away."""	False: Obama Said Gun Laws Will Eliminate Crime
vclaim-sno-obama-hillary-blanket-pardon	President Obama will issue a “blanket pardon” for Hillary Clinton to cover any undiscovered past crimes.	President Obama to Issue Hillary a ‘Blanket Pardon’ to Avoid Future Prosecution
vclaim-sno-obama-hillary-clinton-isnt-qualified	"Barack Obama said that Hillary Clinton would ""say anything and do nothing"" and that she was not qualified for the presidency in 2008."	Barack Obama: ‘Hillary Clinton Isn’t Qualified to Be President’
vclaim-sno-obama-hot-dog-museum	A photograph shows Barack Obama eating a hot dog in front of a museum statue.	Does a Risque Photo Show Obama Eating a Hot Dog in Front of a Statue?
vclaim-sno-obama-hot-food-stamps	President Obama passed a law enabling food stamp recipients to use their benefits to purchase hot food.	President Obama Allows Hot Food to be Purchased with Food Stamps
vclaim-sno-obama-impeached-president-judges	"Former President Barack Obama said ""Legally, an impeached president can’t appoint judges."""	No, Obama Didn’t Say an Impeached President Can’t Appoint Judges
vclaim-sno-obama-impeachment-hearings-begin	Congress is beginning impeachment hearings against President Obama.	House Republicans Schedule Obama Impeachment Hearings
vclaim-sno-obama-impeachment-proceedings	"Former U.S. President Barack Obama was invited to join impeachment proceedings against President Trump as a ""special guest"" by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi."	Was Obama Invited to Join Impeachment Proceedings as Pelosi’s ‘Special Guest’?
vclaim-sno-obama-in-cemetery-on-veterans-day	A photograph shows former president Barack Obama visiting Arlington National Cemetery alone in the rain in November 2018.	Did Barack Obama Visit Arlington Cemetery on Veterans Day?
vclaim-sno-obama-in-handcuffs	"A ""leaked"" photograph depicts President Obama in handcuffs, facing charges of wiretapping President Trump."	‘Leaked Image’ Depicts President Obama in Handcuffs?
vclaim-sno-obama-iq-test	President Obama achieved the lowest IQ score among all U.S. presidents of the last 100 years.	FALSE: President Obama Scores 102 on IQ Test, Lowest in Presidential History
vclaim-sno-obama-isra-terrorism-funding	The Obama administration approved the transfer of funding to the Islamic Relief Agency, a Sudan-based organization with ties to Al-Qaeda.	Did the Obama Administration Approve the Transfer of Money to a Listed Terrorism Funder?
vclaim-sno-obama-kanye-chicago-bush	In April 2018, Barack Obama and George W. Bush criticized rapper Kanye West on Twitter.	Did Barack Obama and George W. Bush Tweet Criticisms of Kanye West?
vclaim-sno-obama-law-licenses	Barack and Michelle Obama surrendered their law licenses to avoid pending disciplinary actions.	Did Barack and Michelle Obama Lose Their Law Licenses?
vclaim-sno-obama-led-u-n-pay-blacks-reparations	Led by President Obama, the United Nations ordered the U.S. to pay reparations to African Americans for slavery.	Obama-Led U.N. Has Just Made It Official, U.S. to Immediately Pay Blacks ‘Reparations’
vclaim-sno-obama-left-trump-a-white-house-full-of-roaches	President Trump inherited a White House infested with cockroaches due to the careless behavior of his predecessor, Barack Obama.	Obama Left Trump a White House Full of Roaches?
vclaim-sno-obama-letizia-bruni	A photograph shows Michelle Obama with Princess Letizia and Carla Bruni-Sarkozy.	Is This Michelle Obama with Princess Letizia and Carla Bruni-Sarkozy?
vclaim-sno-obama-lowers-sexual-consent-13	President Trump has signed a bill lowering the age of sexual consent to 13.	Trump Signs Law to Lower the Age of Consensual Sex to 13?
vclaim-sno-obama-malcolm-x-king	A photograph shows Barack Obama sitting with Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr.	Did Barack Obama Meet with Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr.?
vclaim-sno-obama-mama-drama	President Obama said women should not choose to be stay-at-home-moms.	Obama Slams Stay at Home Moms
vclaim-sno-obama-medal-of-freedom-weinstein-clinton-cosby-weiner	A meme shows President Obama awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Bill Clinton, Anthony Weiner, Bill Cosby, and Harvey Weinstein.	Did Obama Award Presidential Medal of Freedom to Weinstein, Weiner, Clinton, and Cosby?
vclaim-sno-obama-melania-trumps-backside	President Barack Obama put his hand on Melania Trump's buttocks during her husband's 20 January 2017 inauguration.	Did Barack Obama Put His Hand on Melania Trump’s Backside?
vclaim-sno-obama-military-christmas-ban	"President Obama issued an order banning U.S. military personnel from using the word ""Christmas."""	Did President Obama Ban the Military from Using the Word ‘Christmas’?
vclaim-sno-obama-miss-golf-holiday	An open microphone caught President Obama muttering caustic comments about the 4th of July holiday.	Did President Obama Say ‘I Can’t Believe I Have to Miss a Good Day of Golf’ for July 4?
vclaim-sno-obama-more-flexibility-russia	A hot microphone picked up President Obama telling Russian President Dmitri Medvedev he would have more flexibility to negotiate on issues such as missile defense after the 2012 election.	Did Obama Suggest ‘More Flexibility’ Toward Russia After the 2012 Election?
vclaim-sno-obama-mothers-day-abortions	President Obama issued an order for abortions to be celebrated on Mother's Day.	Did President Obama Order Mother’s Day Be Used to Celebrate Abortions?
vclaim-sno-obama-moving-to-canada	President Obama declared that he would move his family to Canada if Donald Trump were elected president.	Obama Declares His Family Will Move to Canada If Trump Is Elected
vclaim-sno-obama-nancy-reagans-funeral	"President Obama opted to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral in order to ""party"" at an ""entertainment festival."""	Did Barack Obama Skip Nancy Reagan’s Funeral to ‘Party’?
vclaim-sno-obama-no-911-tributes	President Obama asked Americans not to hold 9/11 victim tributes because they are offensive to Muslims.	Obama Asks Americans Not to Hold 9/11 Victim Tribute Because of Muslim Protesters Being ‘Offended’
vclaim-sno-obama-non-citizens-vote	"The Obama Administration is ""fighting in court"" to allow non-citizens to vote in general elections."	Obama Administration Fighting to Allow Non-Citizens to Vote?
vclaim-sno-obama-offensive-comments-hot-mic	"President Obama was captured on a ""hot mic"" making offensive comments to Al Sharpton at a Martin Luther King, Jr. Day event."	Was President Obama Caught Making Offensive Comments on a ‘Hot Mic’?
vclaim-sno-obama-official-portrait-sperm-cells	The official portrait of former President Barack Obama contains secretly-placed images of sperm cells, including one on his forehead.	Does Barack Obama’s Official Portrait Contain Secret Images of Sperm?
vclaim-sno-obama-officials-iran-policy	"Former Barack Obama administration officials were ""caught advising Iran how to defeat U.S. foreign policy."""	Were Ex-Obama Officials ‘Caught Advising Iran How to Defeat US Foreign Policy’?
vclaim-sno-obama-pandemic-playbook	The Obama administration left behind no playbook for dealing with pandemics for the next administration.	Did the Obama Administration Fail to Prepare a Pandemic ‘Game Plan’?
vclaim-sno-obama-pandemic-preparedness-2014	A video clip shows former President Barack Obama stressing the need for U.S. pandemic preparedness in 2014.	Did Obama Urge US Pandemic Preparedness in 2014?
vclaim-sno-obama-pardon-cosby	"Bill Cosby has received a pardon from President Obama for all ""current and future"" sexual assault charges."	FALSE: President Obama Pardons Bill Cosby
vclaim-sno-obama-pardoned-c-murder	President Obama issued a full pardon for rapper C-Murder.	President Obama Pardoned Rapper C-Murder?
vclaim-sno-obama-permanently-protected-planned-parenthood-from-defunding	President Obama signed a law permanently protecting the federal funding of Planned Parenthood.	Obama Permanently Protected Planned Parenthood from Defunding
vclaim-sno-obama-pointing-trump-painting	A photograph captures President Obama pointing at a nude painting of Donald Trump.	No Nudes Is Good Nudes
vclaim-sno-obama-prince-al-waleed-bin-talal	A photograph shows a young Barack Obama with Saudi Arabian prince Al-Waleed bin Talal.	Does This Photograph Show Barack Obama with Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal?
vclaim-sno-obama-prisoner-release	122 detainees released from confinement at Guantanamo Bay under President Obama have re-engaged in terrorist activities.	Did 122 Prisoners Released from Guantanamo by President Obama Return to the Battlefield?
vclaim-sno-obama-refuse-white-house-blue	"President Trump ordered the White House bathed in blue light to honor fallen police officers, something President Obama ""refused"" to do."	Did President Obama Refuse to Turn the White House Blue to Honor Fallen Police?
vclaim-sno-obama-released-millions-palestinians	"President Obama defied Congress and ""quietly"" sent $221 million in aid to the Palestinian Authority."	President Obama Released $221 Million to the Palestinian Authority?
vclaim-sno-obama-remove-usps-mailboxes	Thousands of U.S. Postal Service mailboxes were removed during the last Obama administration term, according to a 2016 report.	Did the Obama Administration Remove USPS Mailboxes?
vclaim-sno-obama-removes-god	"President Obama has ordered the phrase ""under God"" to be removed from the Pledge of Allegiance."	President Obama Removes ‘God’ from Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-obama-renzi-rig-election	"Former U.S. President Barack Obama ""ordered"" former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to cooperate in a massive-scale voter fraud scheme to flip votes from Trump to Biden, four years into the future."	No, Obama and Former Italian Prime Minister Renzi Didn’t Rig US Election
vclaim-sno-obama-reparations-executive-order	President Obama signed an executive order to pay reparations to African-Americans.	Obama Signs Executive Order to Pay Partial Reparations to African-Americans
vclaim-sno-obama-reporter-press-conference	A video shows President Obama kicking a reporter out of a press conference.	Did This Video Show Obama Kicking a Reporter Out of a Press Conference?
vclaim-sno-obama-retirement-age-73	President Obama has raised the Social Security retirement age to 73 in order to help refugees.	Obama Raises the Retirement Age to 73
vclaim-sno-obama-salute-marine-one-video	A pilot refused to let President Obama onboard a helicopter after he failed to salute a Marine.	Pilot Refused to Let President Obama Board Helicopter Until He Saluted Marine?
vclaim-sno-obama-salute-veterans-day	Photograph shows President Obama not saluting the flag during the playing of the national anthem at a 2009 Veterans Day ceremony.	Did Barack Obama Fail to Salute the Flag at Arlington on Veterans Day?
vclaim-sno-obama-search-warrant	President Obama was served with a search warrant on or around 23 April 2017.	Was a Search Warrant Just Executed at the Obama Residence?
vclaim-sno-obama-sets-record-with-572-pages-of-new-regulations-in-one-day	President Obama added a record 572 pages of new regulations in one day.	Obama Sets Record With 572 Pages of New Regulations in One Day?
vclaim-sno-obama-shaking-hands-rouhani	A photograph shows former U.S. President Barack Obama shaking hands with Iranian President Hassan Rouhani.	Is This a Real Photo of Obama Shaking Hands with Iranian President Rouhani?
vclaim-sno-obama-signs-christmas-bill-making-alternative-media-illegal	In December 2016, President Obama signed a bill criminalizing alternative media.	Did Obama Sign a Bill Making Alternative Media Illegal?
vclaim-sno-obama-signs-eo-loser-leaves-us	President Obama signed an executive order mandating the loser of the 2016 election forever leave the country on 9 November 2016.	Obama Signs Executive Order Requiring Loser of Presidential Election to Leave Country?
vclaim-sno-obama-signs-executive-order-declaring-investigation-into-election-results	President Obama has overruled Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 presidential election and ordered a revote.	Obama Signs Executive Order Declaring Investigation Into Election Results
vclaim-sno-obama-sleeping-man-subway	A photograph showing President Obama with a man sleeping on the subway is genuine.	Does This Photograph Show Obama Riding the Subway Next to an Open-Mouthed Sleeping Man?
vclaim-sno-obama-snubs-scalias-funeral	President Obama snubbed the funeral of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia in order to play golf.	Did President Obama Snub Justice Anton Scalia’s Funeral to Play Golf?
vclaim-sno-obama-sotu-shutter-shades	A photograph shows President Obama wearing American flag glasses after the 2016 State Of The Union Address.	Obama Did Not Wear Shutter Shades After 2016 SOTU
vclaim-sno-obama-spying-trump-campaign	"Former U.S. President Barack Obama ordered counterintelligence agents to illegally ""spy"" on Donald Trump's campaign for president in 2016."	Did Obama Get Caught ‘Spying’ on Trump’s 2016 Campaign?
vclaim-sno-obama-stiff-waiter-tip-lawrys	President Obama failed to tip a steakhouse waiter who was actually a prominent restauranteur.	Did President Obama ‘Stiff’ the Wrong Waiter?
vclaim-sno-obama-student-id	A 1981 Columbia University student ID card identifies Barack Obama as a foreign student named Barry Soetoro.	Did Barack Obama Attend Columbia University as a Foreign Student?
vclaim-sno-obama-surrender-world-order	"President Obama told an audience in Europe ordinary Americans are ""too small-minded to govern their own affairs"" and should ""surrender their rights"" to an ""all-powerful sovereign."""	Did Obama Say ‘Americans Must Surrender to the New World Order’?
vclaim-sno-obama-teach-quran-for-extra-credit	President Obama encouraged schools to teach the Quran for extra credit.	Obama Encouraging Schools to Teach Quran for Extra Credit
vclaim-sno-obama-team-top-jobs	The Obama transition team kept a list of Muslims for top jobs.	Did the Obama Transition Team Keep a ‘List of Muslims For Top Jobs’?
vclaim-sno-obama-tear-gas-border-migrants	Customs and Border Protection agents used tear gas at a rate of about once a month during the presidency of Barack Obama.	Did the Obama Administration Use Tear Gas Once a Month at the Border?
vclaim-sno-obama-texas-during-hurricane-harvey	Former President Barack Obama was in Houston serving food to people affected by Hurricane Harvey.	Was Barack Obama Serving Meals in Texas During Hurricane Harvey?
vclaim-sno-obama-three-guns-eo	President Obama has signed as executive order limiting Americans to ownership of three guns each.	President Obama Signs Executive Order Limiting US Gun Owners to Three Guns
vclaim-sno-obama-to-ban-trucks-after-nice-attack	President Obama plans to ban trucks to avoid a repetition of the  July 2016 Nice terror attack.	Obama to Ban Trucks After Nice Attack
vclaim-sno-obama-to-remove-statue-of-liberty-because-it-offends-muslims	President Obama plans to remove the Statue of Liberty because it is offensive to Muslims.	Obama to Remove Statue of Liberty Because It Offends Muslims
vclaim-sno-obama-transgender-bathrooms	President Obama ordered all schools to make all bathrooms transgender or face a loss of federal funding.	Obama Decrees ALL Public Schools Must Allow Transgender Bathroom Use
vclaim-sno-obama-trump-american-dream	Barack Obama once wrote that becoming Donald Trump was the American dream.	Did Barack Obama Say Becoming Donald Trump Was the American Dream?
vclaim-sno-obama-trump-child-separation-meme	Under President Barack Obama, 89,000 children were separated from their immigrant parents at the United States border.	Did President Obama Oversee the Separation of 89,000 Children from Their Parents?
vclaim-sno-obama-trump-holocaust-memorial	An image accurately depicts what President Trump and President Obama wrote in the Yad Yashem guest book.	Did Presidents Obama and Trump Write Wildly Different Entries in the Yad Yashem Guestbook?
vclaim-sno-obama-trump-transition-letter	"Outgoing U.S. President Barack Obama wrote that ""we're just temporary occupants of this office"" in a letter to President Donald Trump during the 2016 White House transition."	Did Obama Write ‘We’re Just Temporary Occupants’ to Trump in Transition Letter?
vclaim-sno-obama-trump-travel-costs	After only nine months in office, President Trump and family had already spent $147 million on personal travel, amounting to one-and-a-half times as much as President Obama and family spent in the eight years of the latter's presidency.	Is Trump Spending More Taxpayer Dollars on Personal Travel than Obama Did?
vclaim-sno-obama-tweet-ukraine	"Former President Barack Obama tweeted: ""Ask Ukraine if they found my birth certificate."""	Did Barack Obama Tweet, ‘Ask Ukraine If They Found My Birth Certificate’?
vclaim-sno-obama-un-secretary-general	Former U.S. president Barack Obama has announced a bid to become Secretary General of the United Nations.	Did Barack Obama Announce a Bid to Become UN Secretary General?
vclaim-sno-obama-un-security-trump	Former U.S. President Barack Obama called a U.N. Security meeting behind U.S. President Donald Trump's that was attended by leaders from 17 countries.	Did Obama Call a UN Security Meeting Behind Trump’s Back?
vclaim-sno-obama-urges-soldiers-question-trumps-authority	President Obama told soldiers to question President-elect Trump's authority.	Obama Urges Soldiers to Question Trump’s Authority?
vclaim-sno-obama-used-quran-for-oath	A photograph shows President Obama taking the oath of office with his hand on a Quran.	Did President Obama Use the Quran to Take His Oath of Office?
vclaim-sno-obama-veterans-money-to-syria	President Obama cut $2.6 billion from programs for veterans and instead give a like amount to support Syrian refugees.	Obama Took $2.6B from Veterans for Syrian Refugees
vclaim-sno-obama-virginia-praise	Former President Barack Obama was silent on a shooting that targeted Republican congressmen but praised a former drug dealer.	Was Obama Silent on Shooting of Republicans, Reemerging Only to Praise a Drug Dealer?
vclaim-sno-obama-wait-swine-flu-n1h1	U.S. President Barack Obama waited until millions were infected and thousands were dead before declaring a public health emergency concerning swine flu, the H1N1 virus.	Did Obama Declare Swine Flu an Emergency Only After ‘Millions’ Were Infected?
vclaim-sno-obama-warren-unfollow-hillary-clinton	President Obama, Elizabeth Warren and other top Democratic officials have distanced themselves from Hillary Clinton by unfollowing her on social media.	Obama, Warren Unfollow Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-obama-was-going-to-castros-funeral-until-trump-told-him-this	"President Obama planned to attend Fidel Castro's funeral, but was forced to ""stand down"" by President-elect Donald Trump."	Obama Was Going to Castro’s Funeral Until Trump Told Him This
vclaim-sno-obama-wasnt-arrested	Former U.S. President Barack Obama was arrested for espionage.	No, Barack Obama Wasn’t Arrested for Espionage
vclaim-sno-obama-we-deserved-911	President Obama said that the United States deserved being attacked by terrorists on 9/11 because we didn't respect Islam.	Did President Obama Say We Deserved 9/11?
vclaim-sno-obama-white-house-muslim	Leaked photographs show various Muslim symbols and apparatus in President Obama's White House.	Do Leaked Photographs Show ‘Muslim Symbols’ in Obama’s White House?
vclaim-sno-obama-white-house-portrait	Former U.S. President Barack Obama's official White House portrait was circulated online in May 2020.	Is This Obama’s Official White House Portrait?
vclaim-sno-obama-white-house-statue	President Obama ordered a life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed at the White House.	Obama Orders Life-Sized Bronze Statue of Himself to Be Permanently Installed in White House?
vclaim-sno-obama-wore-rip-epstein-shirt	"A photograph shows former U.S. President Barack Obama wearing an ""RIP Epstein"" T-shirt."	Did Former U.S. President Barack Obama Wear an ‘RIP Epstein’ T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-obamacare-and-me	Pediatric ophthalmologist Dr. Zane Pollard penned an editorial on health care reform entitled “ObamaCare and Me.”	ObamaCare and Me – Dr. Zane Pollard
vclaim-sno-obamacare-and-the-affordable-care-act	Image is a screenshot of a sincere debate between Facebook friends over the Affordable Care Act and Obamacare.	Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act
vclaim-sno-obamacare-decision	Opinion piece expresses columnist Charles Krauthammer’s thoughts on Chief Justice John Roberts and the Supreme Court’s decision on Obamacare.	John Roberts and the Obamacare Decision
vclaim-sno-obamacare-horror-story	Alabama mom’s Obamacare horror story gives America a glimpse of government run healthcare.	Alabama Mom’s Obamacare Horror Story
vclaim-sno-obamacare-royalties	President Obama trademarked the name 'Obamacare' and receives royalties every time the term is used.	Did President Obama Make Millions from ‘Obamacare’ Royalties?
vclaim-sno-obamacare-website-5-billion	"HealthCare.gov, otherwise known as the ""Obamacare"" website, cost $5 billion."	Did the ‘Obamacare’ Website Cost $5 Billion?
vclaim-sno-obamacare-website-border-wall	The Obamacare website, HealthCare.gov, cost more than what U.S. President Donald Trump's U.S.-Mexico border wall will cost.	Did the Obamacare Website Cost More Than What It Will Cost to Build Trump’s Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-obamaphones-to-be-cut-off	"All ""Obama phones"" will be cut off after 31 December 2016."	Obamaphones to Be Cut Off
vclaim-sno-obamas-50-lies	A list circulating online contains 50 false statements by President Barack Obama	Obama’s 50 Lies / Obama Not Exactly
vclaim-sno-obamas-buy-home-depot	Barack and Michelle Obama bought a controlling interest in the Home Depot chain of home improvement stores.	Did the Obamas Buy Controlling Interest in Home Depot?
vclaim-sno-obamas-daughters-arrested-hawaii	Former President Obama's daughters Malia and Sasha were arrested for vandalism in Hawaii.	Were Barack Obama’s Daughters Arrested in Hawaii?
vclaim-sno-obamas-divorce-pregnant-mistress	Michelle Obama filed for divorce after discovering former President Barack Obama had a pregnant mistress.	Did Michelle Obama File for Divorce Over Barack Obama’s Pregnant Mistress?
vclaim-sno-obamas-guevara-shirts	A photograph shows the Obama family in Cuba wearing Che Guevara shirts.	Did the Obamas Wear Che Guevara Shirts During a Cuban Trip?
vclaim-sno-obamas-make-believe-life	A	Obama’s Make-Believe Life
vclaim-sno-obamas-mansion-marthas-vineyard	Barack and Michelle Obama purchased a $15 million waterfront mansion on Martha’s Vineyard.	Did Obamas Buy $15M Waterfront Mansion on Martha’s Vineyard?
vclaim-sno-obamas-own-words-trap-him	Item documents contradictory statements Barack Obama made about the killing of Osama bin Laden.	Who Killed bin Laden?
vclaim-sno-obamas-vacation-scam	President Trump sent former President Obama a bill for vacations he took with taxpayer money.	Did Trump Just End Obama’s ‘Vacation Scam’?
vclaim-sno-obese-tiger-photo	A photograph shows an obese tiger.	Fat Cat
vclaim-sno-obese-turtle	"CNN anchor Anderson Cooper likened U.S. President Donald Trump to an ""obese turtle on his back flailing in the hot sun."""	Did Anderson Cooper Liken Trump to an ‘Obese Turtle’?
vclaim-sno-obfuscatedcare	Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber said Obamacare only passed due to the “stupidity” of the American voter and a lack of “transparency,” and video footage of his remarks was deleted from the Internet in an attempt to hide it.	Obamacare Architect Jonathan Gruber Hails American ‘Stupidity’
vclaim-sno-obituary-common-sense	Essay by George Carlin laments the passing of common sense.	Obituary: Common Sense
vclaim-sno-obituary-thieves	Burglars check newspaper obituaries so they can clean out homes while the residents are away attending funerals.	Obituary Thieves
vclaim-sno-obituary-trump-clinton	A woman's obituary said that she chose death over the prospect of voting for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton.	Woman Chooses Death Over Trump or Clinton
vclaim-sno-obnoxious-passengers	A bigoted and obnoxious airline passenger demanding special treatment gets more than he bargained for.	Obnoxious Airline Passengers
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-capitalism-quote	"Newly elected Democratic Party Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said, ""'Under capitalism, man oppresses man. Under socialism, it's just the opposite.'"""	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Say ‘Under Capitalism, Man Oppresses Man. Under Socialism, It’s Just the Opposite’?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-cars-hurricanes	"U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted about the difficulty of refueling gasoline-powered cars during hurricanes ""when the power is out."""	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Tweet About Electric Cars in Hurricanes?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-change-textbooks-act	Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez passed a 'Change Unfit New Textbooks Act' requiring that school textbooks be scrubbed of any mention of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Pass the ‘Change Unfit New Textbooks Act’?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-electoral-college	Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez demanded free tuition for the Electoral College.	Did U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Demand Free Tuition for the Electoral College?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-fake-photo	A photograph shows U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez being held up in the air.	Is This a Photo of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Being Held in the Air?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-forget-vote-bill	"Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez neglected to vote for her own ""Green New Deal"" resolution, which was defeated without receiving a single vote in favor."	Did Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Forget to Vote for Her Own Bill?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-gun-rights-quote	"Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said that ""owning guns is not a right. If it were a right, it would be in the Constitution."""	Did Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez Say ‘Owning Guns Is Not a Right’ in the Constitution?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-hoda-muthana-parody-tweet	Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted that Hoda Muthana was more of a hero than United States veterans.	Did Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Tweet That Hoda Muthana Was a Hero?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-i-have-a-very-good-brain-trump	"U.S. Representative-Elect Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez once said, ""I have a very good brain."""	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Declare ‘I Have a Very Good Brain’?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-medicare-zeros	Congressional candidate Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said the difference between billions and trillions of dollars is negligible because it just involves more zeros.	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Say There’s No Difference Between Billions and Trillions?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-price-is-right	"Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez repeatedly guessed ""free"" in response to questions during an appearance on the game show ""The Price is Right."""	Did U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Repeatedly Guess ‘Free’ on TV Show ‘The Price is Right?’
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-resume	Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez graduated cum laude from Boston University's College of Arts and Sciences in 2011.	Did U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez Graduate Cum Laude from Boston University?
vclaim-sno-ocasio-cortez-technology-quote	"Representative-elect Ocasio-Cortez said ""we need to invent technology that's never even been invented yet."""	Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez Say We Need to ‘Invent Technology That’s Never Been Invented’?
vclaim-sno-occupy-wall-street	Thomas Sowell penned a letter to the editor of the Knoxville	Thomas Sowell – Occupy Wall Street
vclaim-sno-october-surprise	A quote reproduces a statement by President Harry Truman about Republicans.	President Harry Truman on Republicans
vclaim-sno-octopus-dna-origins	Researchers have discovered that octopus genomes contain alien DNA.	Does Octopus DNA Come from Space?
vclaim-sno-octopus-fall-sky-china	A photograph shows an octopus that fell from the sky in China during a storm.	Does This Photograph Show an Octopus Falling from the Sky in China?
vclaim-sno-octopus-walking-on-beach	A video shows an octopus walking quickly across a beach.	Does This Video Show an Octopus Walking on the Beach?
vclaim-sno-odd-job	College fills open faculty position through cynical job posting.	Cynical College Job Posting
vclaim-sno-ode-to-the-welfare-state	Image shows an “Ode to the Welfare State” published in a 1949 newspaper.	Ode to the Welfare State
vclaim-sno-odessa-shooting-orourke	"The August 2019 Odessa shooter was ""a Democrat Socialist who had a Beto sticker on his truck."""	Was the Odessa Shooter a Beto O’Rourke Supporter?
vclaim-sno-oedipal-mom-check	A television show captured video of men who were tricked into catcalling their own mothers.	Street Harassers Get Tricked Into Catcalling Their Moms
vclaim-sno-oeuf-the-wall	Eggs and popcorn kernels can be cooked by placing them between activated cell phones.	Cooking Eggs or Popcorn with Cell Phones
vclaim-sno-of-drinks-and-clinks	The ritual of clinking glasses evolved from efforts to prove that the drinks contained therein were not poisoned.	Why Do We Clink Wine Glasses?
vclaim-sno-off-the-beaten-path	Photograph shows a service technician who was dragged off a motor scooter and beaten by a mob of “Trayvon crazed thugs.”	New Haven Motor Scooter Beating
vclaim-sno-offended-muslims-attack-christmas-tree	A video depicts angry Muslims in a Western mall tearing down a Christmas tree because it offended them.	Did ‘Offended Muslims’ Attack a Christmas Tree?
vclaim-sno-officer-aiming-rubber-bullet	A photograph shows a police officer in riot gear aiming a rubber bullet gun near a little boy sitting on an adult's shoulders.	Is This Photo of an Officer Aiming a Rubber Bullet Gun Near a Child Real?
vclaim-sno-officer-jacob-pederson-protests	A video shows an undercover police officer purposely breaking windows during a protest in Minneapolis.	Does Video Show Police Officer Smashing Windows During Minn. Protests?
vclaim-sno-officer-nakia-jones-fired-after-viral-police-brutality-video	Police officer Nakia Jones was fired after expressing her thoughts about police brutality in a viral Facebook live video.	Was Officer Nakia Jones Fired After Posting a Viral Police Brutality Video?
vclaim-sno-officer-who-shot-alton-sterling-was-at-kkk-rally	The officer who shot and killed Alton Sterling was photographed at a KKK rally.	Officer Who Shot Alton Sterling Pictured at KKK Rally
vclaim-sno-officers-cook-dinner-children	Two police officers cooked a meal and washed the dishes for a group of children after their mother was taken to the hospital.	Did Two Police Officers Cook Dinner for Children After Their Mother Was Taken to the Hospital?
vclaim-sno-officers-killed-250-people	Two police officers in Georgia cumulatively killed more than 250 people and remain at large.	Did Officers in Georgia Kill Over 250 People?
vclaim-sno-officials-warn-poison-bottled-water	Law enforcement officials alerted the public to check the tops of commercially sold bottles of water for tampering because someone is injecting poison into them.	Have Officials Warned That Someone Is Injecting Poison into Plastic Water Bottles?
vclaim-sno-ohio-black-abortion-exclude	In April 2019, Democrat Ohio State Rep. Janine Boyd proposed exempting black women from stringent new abortion restrictions.	Did an Ohio State Rep. Propose Exempting African-American Women from Abortion Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-ohio-bull-shark	A photograph shows a bull shark caught in the Ohio River near Indiana.	Bull Shark Caught in Ohio River?
vclaim-sno-ohio-candidate-pro-assad-group	A Democratic candidate for Ohio governor revealed he received $20,000 from a pro-Assad group.	Did an Ohio Gubernatorial Candidate Accept $20,000 from a Pro-Assad Group?
vclaim-sno-ohio-police-abolishing-slavery	"An Ohio police officer said that slavery should have never been abolished and ""these people should be exterminated."""	Did an Ohio Police Officer Say ‘Abolishing Slavery Was the Worst Thing’ Ever Done?
vclaim-sno-ohio-school-religion-answers	A bill before the Ohio Legislature would allow students to give wrong answers because of their religious beliefs.	Does Ohio Bill Let Students Give Wrong Answers Based on Religion?
vclaim-sno-ohio-state-university-staffer-asked-for-sympathy-for-campus-attacker	An Ohio State University employee took to Facebook to urge compassion for a student believed to have rammed and stabbed multiple people on campus.	Ohio State University Staffer Asked for Sympathy for Campus Attacker
vclaim-sno-ohio-voter-fraud	Ohio's 12th Congressional District recorded 170 fraudulent votes cast in August 2018 by persons with birthdates earlier than 1902.	Did Ohio’s 12th Congressional District Have 170 Fraudulent ‘Voters’ Over 116 Years Old?
vclaim-sno-ohios-cedar-point-amusement-park-wont-reopen-2017	Ohio's Cedar Point amusement park  announced they would not be open for the 2017 season.	Ohio’s Cedar Point Amusement Park Won’t Reopen in 2017?
vclaim-sno-oil-pulling	Swishing plant oils in your mouth ameliorates a variety of medical ailments.	Is Oil Pulling Effective for Curing Medical Ailments?
vclaim-sno-oj-simpson-back-in-custody	Former NFL star O.J. Simpson was rearrested while attempting to slip across the U.S.-Canada border.	Is O.J. Simpson Back in Custody?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-bill-lgbt-adoptions	Oklahoma passed legislation that would potentially allow agencies to refuse adoptions involving LGBT parents.	Did Oklahoma Pass a Bill Making It Legal to Deny LGBT Adoptions?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-court-rape-ruling	An Oklahoma court ruled that forced sexual contact cannot be considered rape if the victim is intoxicated or unconscious.	Did an Oklahoma Court Rule It’s Not Rape If the Victim Is Intoxicated?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-euthanasia-christopher-barnett	In May 2018, Oklahoma gubernatorial candidate Christopher Barnett advocated euthanasia for disabled people and those on benefits.	Did a Candidate for Governor of Oklahoma Call for Disabled People to be Euthanized?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-host-woman-humphrey	"Oklahoma State Rep. Justin Humphrey said he viewed a pregnant woman as a ""host"" for the fetus she carried."	Did an Oklahoma State Legislator Call Pregnant Women ‘Hosts’?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-hydroxychloroquine-return	Oklahoma is trying to return a $2 million stockpile of hydroxychloroquine purchased in April 2020 at the request of Gov. Kevin Stitt.	Is Oklahoma Trying To Return $2M Worth of Hydroxychloroquine?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-police-erad-civil-forfeitures	"The Oklahoma Highway Patrol is using a device called an ""ERAD"" to seize money from people's bank accounts."	Oklahoma Police Get New Device for Civil Forfeitures
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-representative-god	"In March 2017, Oklahoma State Representative George Faught said rape and incest are the ""will of God."""	Did an Oklahoma State Representative Say Rape and Incest are the ‘Will of God’?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-university-chapel-cross	East Central University has been forced to remove a cross and other Christian symbols from their chapel.	Oklahoma University Forced to Remove a Cross from Their Chapel?
vclaim-sno-oklahoma-woman-killed-pack-small-dachshunds	A woman in Oklahoma was killed by a pack of small dachshunds.	Was an Oklahoma Woman Killed By a Pack of Small Dachshunds?
vclaim-sno-old-barbie-botched-surgeries	"A set of photographs shows a 68-year-old woman, or human ""Barbie Doll,"" after a number of botched surgeries."	Is This a 68-Year-Old Human ‘Barbie Doll’ After Botched Plastic Surgeries?
vclaim-sno-old-camera-titanic	An old camera found in the deep ocean revealed horrifying Titanic photos.	No, an ‘Old Camera’ from Titanic Wasn’t Found in ‘Deep Ocean’
vclaim-sno-old-navy	A veteran was booted from an Old Navy store for complaining about a uniform-wearing employee.	Old Navy Boots Veteran from Store
vclaim-sno-old-news-clippings-1921	"News clippings from the 1920s referenced ""safe kisses"" in a flu pandemic and mused that ""Perhaps 1921 will start more happily."""	Do These 1920s News Clippings Resemble 2020 Talk?
vclaim-sno-oldest-tree-on-earth-6000-years	"A photograph shows the ""oldest tree on earth,"" a 6000-year-old Baobob tree in Tanzania."	Is the Oldest Tree on Earth a 6000-Year-Old Baobab in Tanzania?
vclaim-sno-olive-foil	A study showed 69% of all store-bought extra virgin olive oils in the US are 'probably fake.'	Is 69% of All Olive Oil Fake?
vclaim-sno-olive-garden-capitol-riot-hannity	Olive Garden announced that it would revoke Fox News personality Sean Hannity's pasta pass.	Did Olive Garden Revoke Hannity’s Pasta Pass After Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-olive-garden-closing	The restaurant chain Olive Garden is going out of business and closing down in 2020.	Is Olive Garden Going Out of Business?
vclaim-sno-olive-garden-flag-policy	Olive Garden policy prohibits display of the U.S. flag.	Olive Garden Flag Ban
vclaim-sno-olive-garden-trump-reelection	"Olive Garden restaurants are ""funding Trump's re-election in 2020."""	Is Olive Garden Funding Trump’s Re-Election?
vclaim-sno-olive-garden	Olive Garden restaurants are offering free $500 gift cards for fans who sign up through its Facebook site.	Olive Garden $500 Gift Cards
vclaim-sno-olive-oil-sagging-breasts	"Massaging olive oil into breast skin and tissue can prevent and reverse ""sagging."""	Does Olive Oil ‘Fix’ Sagging Breasts?
vclaim-sno-oliver-north-warned-osama	"During the 1987 Iran-Contra hearings, Oliver North warned Congress that Osama bin Laden was ""the most evil person alive"" and that ""an assassin team [should] be formed to eliminate him and his men from the face of the earth."""	Oliver North Warned of Osama bin Laden in 1987
vclaim-sno-olivia-newton-john-dying-cancer	Singer Olivia Newton-John hovers close to death due to a recurring bout of cancer and has only weeks to live.	Is Olivia Newton-John Dying of Cancer?
vclaim-sno-olympic-games	"List of double entrendres collects ""the top nine comments made by NBC sports commentators during the Summer Olympics."""	Olympic Goofs
vclaim-sno-olympic-meddle	Photograph shows Michelle Obama with her daughters draped in South African colors at the 2012 Olympics.	Michelle Obama and Daughters at the 2012 London Olympics
vclaim-sno-olympic-rings-tattoo-ban	Athletes will be disqualified from Paralympic or Olympic events if they sport Olympics rings tattoos.	Athletes Will Not Be Disqualified for Olympic Rings Tattoos
vclaim-sno-omaha-stakes	Criminals in Omaha are distracting drivers with decoys and notes left on windshields in order to gain entry to automobiles.	Omaha Carjacking
vclaim-sno-omar-citizen-longer-melania	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar became a naturalized U.S. citizen before First Lady Melania Trump did.	Has U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Been a U.S. Citizen for Longer Than First Lady Melania Trump?
vclaim-sno-omar-condolences-al-baghdadi	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar offered her condolences to the friends and family of deceased Islamic State leader and ""austere scholar"" Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi."	Did Omar Offer Condolences to Loved Ones of ‘Austere Scholar’ al-Baghdadi?
vclaim-sno-omar-if-israel-is-so-innocent	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar asked, ""If Israel is so innocent, then why do they insist on being Jews?"""	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Say ‘If Israel Is So Innocent, Then Why Do They Insist on Being Jews?’
vclaim-sno-omar-mateens-final-text	Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen's final text to his wife admitted he was gay.	Omar Mateen’s Final Text to Wife Released: “I’m Gay, That’s Why I’m Doing This.”
vclaim-sno-omar-minnesota-register-vote	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar said Minnesota residents can vote without registering.	Did Rep. Ilhan Omar Say Minnesotans Can Vote without Registering?
vclaim-sno-omar-nationwide-ban-bacon	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar proposed a nationwide ban on ""unhealthy and immoral"" bacon."	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Propose Nationwide Ban on ‘Unhealthy and Immoral’ Bacon?
vclaim-sno-omar-rotten-country	U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar described America as a ”rotten country.”	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Describe America as a ‘Rotten Country’?
vclaim-sno-omar-take-over-america	"U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar once said: ""We are not here to be part of America. We are here to take over America."""	Did U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar Say “We Are Here to Take Over America”?
vclaim-sno-omars-district-pledge	A city in U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar’s congressional district voted to eliminate the pledge of allegiance before city council meetings.	Did a City in Ilhan Omar’s District Eliminate the Pledge of Allegiance at Council Meetings?
vclaim-sno-omg-winston-churchill	"The first known use of ""OMG"" as an abbreviation for ""Oh my God"" was in a letter sent to Winston Churchill."	Was the First Known Use of ‘OMG’ Written in a Letter to Churchill?
vclaim-sno-on-gardasil	The Gardasil HPV vaccine has been proved to have caused the deaths of 32 women.	Urgent Warning About Gardasil
vclaim-sno-on-golden-zebra	A photograph shows the only known golden zebra in existence, living at an animal sanctuary in Hawaii.	Does a Golden Zebra Live in Hawaii?
vclaim-sno-on-guard	Crook posing as security guard places ‘OUT OF ORDER’ sign on bank’s night depository and collects depositors’ money himself.	Phony Guard Collects Deposits
vclaim-sno-on-the-bleach	Drinking bleach will protect you from catching HIV/AIDS.	Drinking Bleach Prevents HIV/AIDS
vclaim-sno-on-your-hands	Essay by J.D. Pendry criticizes foreign policy stances of Democratic politicians.	J.D. Pendry – Axis of Idiots
vclaim-sno-one-800-north-dakota-covid	As of early December 2020, one out of every 800 North Dakota residents had died from COVID-19.	Did 1 in 800 North Dakotans Die from COVID-19 by December 2020?
vclaim-sno-one-day-long-gone	"John F. Kennedy warned of what would happen ""one day"" after he was ""long gone"" in an eerily predictive manner."	‘One Day After I Am Long Gone’
vclaim-sno-one-diet-drink-risks	Drinking one diet drink a day triples a person's risk of dementia and strokes.	Can Drinking One Diet Drink a Day Triple the Risk of Dementia and Strokes?
vclaim-sno-one-eyed-mother	A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.	Why My Mom Only Had One Eye
vclaim-sno-one-for-the-roads-scholar	The phrases	Etymologies of ‘One for the Road’ and ‘On the Wagon’
vclaim-sno-one-for-the-textbooks	Respected instructor is forced by university regulations to obtain an advanced degree in the subject he already teaches; the first class he enrolls in uses a textbook he wrote.	Professor Required to Learn From Own Textbook
vclaim-sno-one-in-four-women-abortion	Roughly 1 in 4 women in the United States have at least one abortion in their lifetime.	Do ‘1 in 4’ Women Undergo an Abortion in Their Lifetime?
vclaim-sno-one-man-and-a-baby-box	"Psychologist B. F. Skinner raised his own daughter in a ""Skinner box""; as a result, she grew up psychologically damaged, sued her father, and committed suicide."	B.F. Skinner Raised His Daughter in a Skinner Box?
vclaim-sno-one-minute-video-rashida-tlaib	A video shows U.S. Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib delivering a '1 minute message' on how to spread Islam in the United States.	Is This a ‘1 Minute Message’ From U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib?
vclaim-sno-one-nation-under-allah	A New York high school has forced students to recite the Pledge of Allegiance in Arabic	New York School Recites Pledge of Allegiance in Arabic
vclaim-sno-one-ring-scam	Telephone customers returning one-ring calls from foreign phone numbers are charged hefty fees.	What is a ‘One-Ring’ Scam?
vclaim-sno-one-small-misstep	Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong flubbed his historic 'one small step' remark as he became the first man to set foot on the surface of the moon.	Did Neil Armstrong Flub His First Words on the Moon?
vclaim-sno-one-step-beyonc	Video documents a link between singer Beyoncé and satanism.	One Step Beyoncé
vclaim-sno-one-vaccinated-one-not-smallpox	A photograph shows the dramatic differences in two boys who were exposed to the same smallpox source.	Does This Photograph Show Two Boys — One Vaccinated, One Not — Who Were Exposed to Smallpox?
vclaim-sno-one-way-tickets	The Seattle Seahawks are not selling tickets to the NFC Championship Game to California residents.	Seahawks Ban Ticket Sales to Californians?
vclaim-sno-one-way-to-stop-road-rage	An animated image captures a real-life road rage incident.	That’s One Way to Stop Road Rage
vclaim-sno-onion-in-your-sock-cure	Placing a raw, cut onion in contact with your foot overnight “purifies your blood”, removes “toxins”, and heals your body.	Does Putting a Raw Cut Onion in Your Sock Cure Medical Ailments?
vclaim-sno-onion-marjorie-taylor-greene	The Onion published a satirical article warning that removing U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene from committee assignments would leave her with more free time, shortly before Greene commented that being removed from committee assignments had given her more free time.	Did an Onion Headline Mirror a Rep. Greene Tweet?
vclaim-sno-onions-fight-flu-myth	Onions placed in bowls around your home will fight off the flu virus.	Do Onions Fight Off the Flu Virus?
vclaim-sno-online-store-horse-burkas	"An online store is offering ""horse burkas"" so Muslim equestrians can clothe their pets in keeping with religious custom."	Online Store Selling ‘Horse Burkas’ for Muslim Customers?
vclaim-sno-only-60-of-1566-churches-in-houston-opened-to-help-hurricane-harvey-victims	Only 60 of the 1,566 churches in Houston opened to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey.	Only 60 of 1,566 Churches in Houston Opened to Help Hurricane Harvey Victims?
vclaim-sno-only-son-draft	Being an only child (or an only son) automatically exempts you from military service in the U.S.	Does Being an ‘Only Son’ Exempt You from a Military Draft?
vclaim-sno-onlyfans-trump-ban-capitol	In January 2021, OnlyFans removed Donald Trump's account in the aftermath of the Jan. 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol.	Did OnlyFans Delete Trump’s Account After Capitol Attack?
vclaim-sno-oops-i-took-it-again	Britney Spears took her hit song “Oops I Did It Again” from Louis Armstrong.	Did Britney Spears Steal 'Oops I Did It Again' from Louis Armstrong?
vclaim-sno-open-container-loss	Three nurses died after an open beverage container was left at a Mercy Hospital nurses’ station.	Three Dead After Open Drink Left at Nurses’ Station?
vclaim-sno-open-letter-to-donald-trump-from-wharton-university	The Wharton School wrote an open letter to Donald Trump explaining that the Republican Presidential candidate does not represent his former school.	Open Letter to Donald Trump from Wharton School
vclaim-sno-open-sesame	Sesame Street muppets Bert and Ernie are live-in lovers, and they're about to get married.	Are Bert and Ernie Gay?
vclaim-sno-ophiuchus-zodiac-change	"The zodiac is about to change to include a ""new"" star sign, Ophiuchus."	Is the Earth’s Rotation Changing Zodiac Signs?
vclaim-sno-opossums-kill-ticks-inhibit-the-spread-of-lyme-disease	Opossums kill thousands of ticks each week, inhibiting the spread of Lyme Disease to humans.	Do Opossums Kill Ticks, Inhibit the Spread of Lyme Disease?
vclaim-sno-opportunity-rovers-final-words	"The Opportunity rover's final message to NASA from Mars was ""My battery is low and it's getting dark."""	Was a Mars Rover’s Final Message to NASA ‘My Battery Is Low and It’s Getting Dark?’
vclaim-sno-oprah-and-bill-cosby	Oprah Winfrey accused Bill Cosby of drugging her and trying to rape her.	Oprah: Bill Cosby Drugged and Tried to Rape Me.
vclaim-sno-oprah-ankle-monitor	Oprah Winfrey wore a GPS ankle monitor during her interview with Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex.	No, Oprah Wasn’t Wearing an Ankle Monitor During the Harry and Meghan Interview
vclaim-sno-oprah-boots	Oprah Winfrey wore a GPS ankle monitor during her interview with Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex.	No, Oprah Wasn’t Wearing an Ankle Monitor During the Harry and Meghan Interview
vclaim-sno-oprah-endorsed-donald-trump-false	Oprah Winfrey endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Oprah Endorses Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-oprah-kissing-weinstein-cheek	A photograph shows Oprah Winfrey kissing Harvey Weinstein on the cheek.	Was Oprah Pictured Kissing Harvey Weinstein on the Cheek?
vclaim-sno-oprah-sex-trafficking	Oprah Winfrey's home was raided as part of a sex-trafficking sting.	Was Oprah’s Home Raided in a Sex-Trafficking Sting?
vclaim-sno-oprah-shout-your-abortion	In 2018, Oprah Winfrey promoted a pro-choice online campaign called #ShoutYourAbortion.	Did Oprah Winfrey Promote the ‘Shout Your Abortion’ Campaign?
vclaim-sno-oprah-tyler-perry-facebook-giveaway	Oprah Winfrey and/or Tyler Perry are offering big-ticket Facebook giveaways.	Are Oprah Winfrey and Tyler Perry Holding Giveaways?
vclaim-sno-oprah-voting-for-romney	Photograph shows Oprah Winfrey endorsing Mitt Romney for President.	Oprah Voting for Romney
vclaim-sno-oprah-winfrey-death-hoax	Oprah Winfrey has committed suicide.	Oprah Winfrey Committed Suicide?
vclaim-sno-oprah-winfrey-fox-news	In July 2019, Oprah Winfrey bought a controlling stake in Fox News and took over the network.	Did Oprah Winfrey ‘Buy Control of Fox News’?
vclaim-sno-oprah-winfrey-harvey-weinstein-house	"Oprah Winfrey brushed off accusations against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, saying ""this is just how it is"" for people who want to get ahead in the media industry."	Did Oprah Winfrey Say She Brought Young Women to Harvey Weinstein’s House?
vclaim-sno-oprah-winfrey-old-white-people-have-to-die	Oprah Winfrey said that in order for the problem of racism to be solved, old white people have to die.	Did Oprah Winfrey Say ‘Old White People Have to Die’?
vclaim-sno-oprah-winfrey-pregnant-61	Talk show host Oprah Winfrey is pregnant with her first child at 61.	FALSE: Oprah Winfrey Pregnant with First Child at 61
vclaim-sno-orange-is-the-new-mac-10	Gang members are painting their gun barrels orange so police will be hesitant to shoot at them.	Gangs Paint Gun Barrels Orange So Police Will Not Shoot Them?
vclaim-sno-oranges-restore-smell-covid	Consuming an orange flambéed in brown sugar will restore a person’s loss of smell following COVID-19 infection.	Will Eating Charred Oranges Restore Sense of Smell After COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-orangutan-handwashing-coronavirus	Sandra the orangutan started washing her hands after she noticed zookeepers doing so during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did an Orangutan Start Hand-Washing During COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-orangutan-sign-help	Video shows an orangutan using sign language to ask for help in stopping the destruction of its habitat.	Is This Orangutan Signing for Help?
vclaim-sno-orca-jumping	A photograph shows an orca leaping several feet out of the water.	So Long and Thanks for All the Fish
vclaim-sno-orcas-plastic-bags	SeaWorld houses orcas in plastic bags while their tanks are cleaned.	Does SeaWorld Put Orcas in Plastic Bags While Their Habitats are Cleaned?
vclaim-sno-orchestra-whale-video-fake	A video shows a group of whales coming to the surface after hearing an orchestra playing music.	Orchestra Music Brings Whales to the Surface
vclaim-sno-ordered-away	Famous musician orders all audience members of a particular religious or national group to leave his concert.	Ordered Away
vclaim-sno-ordering-angel-shot-potentially-life-saving-women	Women in a dangerous situation at a bar can order an 'angel shot' to ensure safe passage into an Uber and away from a frightening man.	Is Ordering an ‘Angel Shot’ Potentially Life-Saving for Women?
vclaim-sno-oregon-ballot-omits-donald-trump	An Oregon ballot lists Democratic presidential candidates twice but no Republican candidates.	Oregon Ballot Omits Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-oregon-bill-starving-people	"A bill before the Oregon state legislature is “designed to allow for the starving of patients with dementia or mental illness"" to death."	Is an Oregon Bill Designed to “Allow Starving Mentally Ill Patients to Death”?
vclaim-sno-oregon-gun-confiscation	"In August 2017, Oregon governor Kate Brown signed a ""gun confiscation"" law."	Did Oregon’s Governor Sign a ‘Gun Confiscation’ Law?
vclaim-sno-oregon-school-bans-pledge-of-allegiance	The principal of Mountain Dell Elementary School in Oregon sent a letter to parents informing them that the Pledge of Allegiance will be banned for the remainder of the school year.	Oregon Elementary School Bans Pledge of Allegiance
vclaim-sno-oregon-thanksgiving-crack-legal	Residents in Oregon can be fined or jailed for having more than six people at a Thanksgiving dinner, while crack cocaine possession is legal in the state.	Can Large Thanksgiving Dinners Lead to Jail Time in Oregon While ‘Crack Is Legal’?
vclaim-sno-oregon-whites-only-masks	In a policy that established requirements for people to wear masks in most public settings during the COVID-19 pandemic, Oregon's Lincoln County said in June 2020 residents of color are exempt from the rule.	Did an Oregon County Say Only White People Must Wear COVID-19 Masks?
vclaim-sno-oreo-moving-mexico	Nabisco closed their Chicago plant and moved all production of Oreos to Mexico.	Are Oreo Cookies Now Produced in Mexico?
vclaim-sno-oreos-fake-tweet	"The official Twitter account for Oreo cookies tweeted, ""Eat the rich with a side of Oreos."""	Did Oreo Tweet ‘Eat the Rich’?
vclaim-sno-organ-donors-still-alive-not-anesthetized	Organ donations occur while the donor is still alive, paralyzed by intravenous medication but not anesthetized.	Organ Donors are Still Alive, Not Anesthetized?
vclaim-sno-organ-nicked-vegetable	A fun-loving college student awoke after a wild party to find both his kidneys had been stolen by organ thieves. He now spends his days attached to a machine that keeps him alive until a donor match can be found.	Kidney Theft II
vclaim-sno-original-space-jam-website	"The original promotional website for the 1996 movie ""Space Jam"" starring Michael Jordan is still up and running."	Does the Original Website for 1996 Film ‘Space Jam’ Still Work?
vclaim-sno-origins-princess-leias-hairstyle	"Princess Leia's ""hair buns"" in Star Wars were inspired by those of a Mexican revolutionary."	The Origins of Princess Leia’s Hairstyle
vclaim-sno-orlando-mass-shooting-math-doesnt-add-up	It was not physically possible for a single gunman at the Orlando nightclub shooting to have fired as many rounds in the time allotted as reported.	Orlando Mass Shooting Math Doesn’t Add Up
vclaim-sno-orlando-shooter-was-democrat	Orlando nightclub shooter Omar Mateen was a Democrat.	Orlando Shooter Was a Democrat?
vclaim-sno-orlando-shooters-father-clinton	Image depicts the Orlando shooter's father, Seddique Mateen, visiting Hillary Clinton at the State Department.	Orlando Shooter’s Father Visited Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-orourke-vfw-campaign-flags	Beto O'Rourke's campaign asked a Veterans of Foreign Wars post commander if American flags could be taken down ahead of an event.	Did Beto O’Rourke’s Campaign Try to Get a VFW Hall to Take Down Their American Flags?
vclaim-sno-orphan-chalk-outline	A photograph shows an orphan lying in the chalk outline of her absent mother.	Is This a Photograph of an Orphan Lying in Her Mother’s Chalk Outline?
vclaim-sno-orphan-thumbs-up	A photograph of U. S. President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump shows them with a baby who was orphaned by the August 2019 El Paso, Texas, mass shooting.	Did Trump Pose With a ‘Thumbs-Up’ Next to a Baby Orphaned in the El Paso Massacre?
vclaim-sno-orwell-1984-predict-covid	"George Orwell's ""1984"" contains the lines: ""Everything other than working was forbidden: walking in the streets, having fun, singing, dancing, getting together, everything was forbidden."""	‘Everything Was Forbidden’: Did Orwell’s ‘1984’ Predict COVID-19 Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-orwell-1984-smartphone-screens	A line from George Orwell's novel 1984 predicts the power of smartphones.	Did George Orwell’s ‘1984’ Predict the Power of Smartphones?
vclaim-sno-orwell-why-i-write	A meme reproduces part of George Orwell's explanation of the motivations behind his writing.	What George Orwell Said About Why He Writes
vclaim-sno-osaka-baseball-stadium-neighborhood	A photograph shows a baseball stadium repurposed as a residential neighborhood.	Was a Japanese Baseball Stadium Repurposed as a Residential Neighborhood?
vclaim-sno-osama-death-photos	Photographs show the corpse of Osama bin Laden.	Osama bin Laden Death Photos
vclaim-sno-oscar-mayer-offer-pumpkin-spice-bologna	An image shows a pumpkin spice bologna product from Oscar Mayer.	Does Oscar Mayer Offer Pumpkin Spice Bologna?
vclaim-sno-ossoff-sixth-congressional-district	Jon Ossoff is running to represent Georgia's sixth congressional district while living outside its boundaries.	Does Jon Ossoff Live Outside Georgia’s Sixth Congressional District?
vclaim-sno-osteen-coronavirus-loan	Joel Osteen's Lakewood Church in Texas received $4.4 million in coronavirus-economic-relief loans.	Did Joel Osteen’s Megachurch Get a $4.4M Coronavirus Loan?
vclaim-sno-osteen-yacht-houston-book-hurricane	"Joel Osteen sailed through flooded Houston distributing copies of his book ""Your Best Life Now."""	Joel Osteen Sails Luxury Yacht Through Flooded Houston to Pass out Copies of His Book?
vclaim-sno-other-peoples-money	"Margaret Thatcher once said that ""The trouble with Socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money."""	Margaret Thatcher on Socialism
vclaim-sno-otter-genetically-inferior	"Idaho Governor Clement Leroy ""Butch"" Otter said that poor people were genetically inferior to rich people."	FALSE: Idaho Governor C.L. Otter Calls Poor People Genetically Inferior
vclaim-sno-otter-rape	Otters sometimes rape baby seals.	Do Sea Otters Rape Baby Seals?
vclaim-sno-our-days-feel-shorter-because-time-is-literally-speeding-up	Time itself is speeding up and we actually perceive a 24-hour day as a 16-hour day.	Our Days Feel Shorter Because Time Is Literally Speeding Up
vclaim-sno-our-deepest-fear	"Nelson Mandela said that ""Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure."""	Our Deepest Fear
vclaim-sno-our-gang-death-curse	An unusually high percentage of the child actors who starred in the Our Gang film series have met tragic, premature ends.	‘Our Gang’ Curse
vclaim-sno-our-western-way-of-life	U.S. Rep. Liz Cheney accused tribes of “destroying our Western way of life” over court-mandated protections for the Yellowstone grizzly bear.	Did U.S. Rep. Cheney Accuse Native Tribes of “Destroying Our Western Way of Life”?
vclaim-sno-out-of-the-woods-2	Actor James Woods said he observed and reported four suspicious men possibly making a hijacking trial run on an airline flight before the 9/11 attacks.	James Woods Saw the 9/11 Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-outback-steakhouse-gun-policy-controversy	"Outback Steakhouse is a ""gun free zone"" and a police officer was ejected for carrying his service weapon."	Did Outback Steakhouse Kick Out a Policeman Because it is a ‘Gun Free Zone’?
vclaim-sno-outback-trump-supporters	Outback Steakhouse announced that supporters of President Donald Trump are barred from their restaurants.	Did Outback Steakhouse Announce They Are Banning Supporters of President Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-outboxing-helena	The Obama administration plans to displace thousands of Montana residents to give their land over to Native Americans.	Obama Plan to Depopulate Montana Raises Crisis Fears in Moscow
vclaim-sno-outlive-horse-theft-sentence	A man was released from jail in Texas after outliving his 99-year prison sentence for horse theft.	Was a Man Freed After Outliving a 99-Year Prison Sentence for Horse Theft?
vclaim-sno-outsource-of-confusion	The job of President of the United States is being outsourced to India.	What a Great Idea – U.S. Presidency Outsourced to India
vclaim-sno-oval-office-fumigated-after-trump	A photograph shows the Oval Office being fumigated after former U.S. President Donald Trump's departure.	Was the Oval Office Fumigated After Trump’s Departure?
vclaim-sno-oval-office-trashed-capitol-riot	A photograph shows the damage done to the Oval Office during the pro-Trump riot in Washington, D.C. on Jan 6, 2021.	Was the Oval Office Trashed During the Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-over-slurred	Senator Ted Cruz was overheard calling President Obama the N-word at a fundraiser.	Did Ted Cruz Call Obama the N-Word?
vclaim-sno-overcharged	Using a cell phone while it is being recharged poses a serious threat of electrocution.	Cell Phone Recharging Electrocution
vclaim-sno-overseas-us-troops-kids-citizens	Children born to U.S. service members and government employees overseas will no longer be automatically considered citizens of the United States.	Will Children of U.S. Troops Born Overseas No Longer Get U.S. Citizenship?
vclaim-sno-overseas-voters	The Obama administration disenfranchised	Overseas Voters
vclaim-sno-owl-having-an-orgasm	A photograph shows an owl experiencing an orgasm.	Is This Owl Having an Orgasm?
vclaim-sno-oxford-alabama-transgender-bathrooms	The city of Oxford, Alabama reacted to Target's transgender bathroom policy by making the described use of restrooms by transgender individuals punishable by jail time.	Oxford Alabama Transgender Bathroom Ordinance
vclaim-sno-oxford-butts-study	A new study published by Oxford University researchers proved that women with big butts are smarter and healthier.	Do Studies Show That Women with Big Butts are Smarter and Healthier?
vclaim-sno-oxford-junior-dictionary-words	Dozens of nature words were removed from the Oxford Junior Dictionary in order to make room for modern technology-related words.	Dictionary Drama
vclaim-sno-oxford-letter-to-students	A letter criticizing students at Oxford University for their desire to remove a statue of Cecil Rhodes was penned by a school official.	‘Dear Scrotty Students’ Letter to Oxford University Students
vclaim-sno-p-ness	Opera singer reads embarrassingly misprinted lyrics.	Opera Singer Embarrassment
vclaim-sno-pa-and-oh-voters-white-trash	"A WikiLeaks' DNC e-mail dump captured Democratic staffers referring to voters in Pennsylvania and Ohio as ""white trash"" and ""stupid."""	DNC Called Pennsylvania and Ohio Voters ‘White Trash’?
vclaim-sno-pa-barker	Because his jailbird son complained about a lack of prison toiletries, Bob Barker of	Bob Barker Prison Toiletries
vclaim-sno-pa-mailin-votes-ballots	The number of mail-in votes recorded in Pennsylvania during the 2020 election was much greater than the number of mail-in ballots requested.	Did Pennsylvania Record Many More Mail-In Votes than Ballots Requested?
vclaim-sno-pa-worker-filling-ballots	A video captures a Pennsylvania elections worker actually filling out ballots rather than counting them.	Does This Video Show a PA Elections Worker Filling Out Ballots?
vclaim-sno-paas-bunny-white-house-easter	The White House Easter Bunny was sponsored by Paas for the first time in 2017.	Was the White House Easter Bunny Sponsored by Paas for the First Time in 2017?
vclaim-sno-pablo-reyes-facebook-predictions	Facebook user Pablo Reyes made eerily accurate predictions about 2016.	Pablo Reyes’ Facebook Prediction
vclaim-sno-pacer-test-banned	The FitnessGram Pacer Test was banned from schools after it was deemed too cruel for children.	Was the Pacer Test Banned for Child Cruelty?
vclaim-sno-pacey-moore	Prayers are requested for an ailing 3-month-old child named Pacey Moore.	Prayer Request – Baby Pacey Moore
vclaim-sno-package-delivery-failure-virus	Scammers trick e-mail users into opening virus-launching attachments by sending phony package delivery failure notifications.	Package Delivery Failure Virus
vclaim-sno-pacu-testicle-biting-fish	The red-bellied pacu, an invasive species related to the piranha but with human-like teeth, is known to have bitten off men's testicles, killing at least two victims.	Is the Pacu a Testicle-Biting Fish?
vclaim-sno-padded-account	Kotex were first manufactured as bandages during World War I.	Were Kotex Products First Manufactured as Bandages During WWI?
vclaim-sno-page-43	"The title of the David Crosby song ""Page 43"" is a reference to the New Testament."	Page 43
vclaim-sno-pagoda-flower-bloom-400-years	A photograph shows a pagoda flower that only blooms once every 400 years in the Himalayas.	Is This a Pagoda Flower That Only Blooms Once Every 400 Years?
vclaim-sno-paid-in-full	A debtor can discharge his obligations by sending his creditor a check made out for a fraction of the amount owed with the words ‘Paid in full’ written on it.	Paid in Full
vclaim-sno-paid-protesters-donald-trumps-inauguration	The group Demand Protest LLC is paying $2500 for people to protest Donald Trump's inauguration.	Is ‘Demand Protest’ Paying People to Protest at Donald Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-paid-protesters-kavanaugh-hearings	Photographs show a protester being paid to disrupt the Senate confirmation hearings of Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh.	Do These Photographs Show a Protester Paid to Disrupt the Kavanaugh Confirmation Hearings?
vclaim-sno-pain-in-the-ash	Photographs show an airplane engine damaged by volcanic ash.	Volcanic Ash Airplane Damage
vclaim-sno-pain-in-the-gas	Participating in one-day boycott of gasoline on	Don’t Buy Gas on April 15
vclaim-sno-painkiller-combination	Combining Coca-Cola and aspirin will get you high (or kill you).	Coca-Cola and Aspirin
vclaim-sno-paint-thinner-trisodium-phosphate-found-cereals	"Popular cereals (including Lucky Charms and Cheerios) contain ""paint thinner"" and pose a danger to children."	Is ‘Paint Thinner’ Trisodium Phosphate Found in Cereals?
vclaim-sno-painted-cats	Photographs show a variety of cats adorned with $15,000 paint jobs.	Are These Painted Cats Real?
vclaim-sno-painted-ladies	Naive hunters mistake one type of animal for another.	Hunters Shoot Cow
vclaim-sno-pajama-non-party	The Zara fashion chain offered children' pajamas resembling concentration camp uniforms.	Did Zara Sell ‘Concentration Camp’ Pajamas?
vclaim-sno-pakistan-airline-ad-wtc	A 1979 Pakistan airline advertisement showed the shadow of a jetliner on the World Trade Center.	Did a 1979 Pakistan Airline Advertisement Show an Airliner’s Shadow on the World Trade Center?
vclaim-sno-palace-coupe	Champagne glasses were modeled on Marie Antoinette’s breasts.	Champagne Glass Origin
vclaim-sno-palatial-prison	Photographs show the new Cook County Correctional Center prison facility in Chicago, Illinois.	Cook County Correctional Center
vclaim-sno-palestinian-boy-shot-photo	A photograph shows a Palestinian boy after he was shot in the heart by an Israeli soldier during the First Intifada.	Does This Photograph Show a Palestinian Boy Shot by Israeli Soldiers?
vclaim-sno-palestinian-resettlement	President Obama issued an order providing funds to “allow hundreds of thousands of Palestinians to resettle in the United States.”	Palestinian Resettlement
vclaim-sno-palestinian-terrorists-wife-to-address-clinton-foundation	Hanan al-Hroub, whose husband was jailed for providing chemicals used in making bombs that killed Israelis, was invited to speak at a Clinton Global Initiative dinner.	Palestinian Terrorist’s Wife to Address Clinton Foundation
vclaim-sno-palestinians-dance-nikki-haley-un	A video shows Palestinian lawmakers dancing in response to Nikki Haley's threat to cut aid to the country in the wake of a controversial decision to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem.	Did Palestinians Dance at the UN After Nikki Haley Threatened to Cut Aid?
vclaim-sno-palestinians-texas-mexico	The Palestinian National Authority has announced that it will recognize Texas as a state of Mexico.	Did Palestinians Recognize Texas as Part of Mexico?
vclaim-sno-palin-flight-370-heaven	"Sarah Palin said Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 may have disappeared ""because it mistakenly flew too high and ended up in heaven."""	Did Sarah Palin Wonder If Flight 370 ‘Flew Directly to Heaven’?
vclaim-sno-palin-jesus-easter	Sarah Palin claimed in an interview that Jesus Christ celebrated Easter during His time on Earth.	Did Sarah Palin Claim That Jesus Celebrated Easter?
vclaim-sno-palin-us-already-attacked-iran	"Sarah Palin asserted in June 2019 that the U.S. had ""already attacked Iran back when it called itself Iraq."""	Did Sarah Palin Say ‘US Already Attacked Iran Back When It Called Itself Iraq’?
vclaim-sno-palin39s-pose	Photograph shows Sarah Palin posing with a “Fuc_ You Michael Moore” poster.	Sarah Palin Posed with a ‘Fuc_ You Michael Moore’ Poster?
vclaim-sno-palindrome-week	A series of consecutive dates in September 2019 are numerical palindromes.	What Is ‘Palindrome Week’?
vclaim-sno-palins-privilege	Sarah Palin wrote on her website affirmative action, athletic scholarships, and food stamps result in “black privilege.”	Sarah Palin: It’s Black Privilege, Not White Privilege
vclaim-sno-pallets-of-bricks-protest-sites	Government officials, law enforcement, billionaires, or antifa groups nefariously placed pallets of bricks at protest sites in U.S. cities to stoke violence during June 2020 demonstrations against police brutality.	Were Pallets of Bricks Strategically Placed at US Protest Sites?
vclaim-sno-palm-sunday-miscarriage	Photograph depicts an intact gestational sac resulting from a miscarriage.	Palm Sunday Miscarriage
vclaim-sno-pam-bondi-impeachment	"The ""Big Three"" networks of ABC, CBS, and NBC ""blacked out"" coverage of Pam Bondi's legal defense of U.S. President Donald Trump during his impeachment trial."	Did ABC, CBS, and NBC Black Out Pam Bondi’s Legal Defense of Trump?
vclaim-sno-pamela-anderson-death-hoax	Pamela Anderson passed away in March 2018.	Pamela Anderson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-pamela-murphy	Account describes Pamela Murphy’s efforts on behalf of patients at a Veterans	A Great Lady Has Passed — Pamela Murphy
vclaim-sno-panasonic-farting-cat-robot	Panasonic created a farting cat robot.	Did Panasonic Create a Farting Cat Robot?
vclaim-sno-pancreatic-cancer-test	Jack Andraka, 15, came up with a “100 percent accurate” cancer-detection method that was “168 times faster, 26,000 times less expensive, and 400 times more sensitive” than current methods.	Did a 15-Year-Old Invent a ‘100% Accurate’ Pancreatic Cancer Test?
vclaim-sno-panda-huggin-policeman	A photograph shows a panda in Japan hugging a policeman's leg after an earthquake.	Does a Photograph Show a Panda Hugging a Policeman in Japan?
vclaim-sno-panda-on-a-plane	Viral image shows a real panda seated next to a human being in the business class section of a jetliner.	Is This a Live Panda Flown from China to U.S. in Business Class?
vclaim-sno-panda-pregnancy-special-treatment	A captive panda deliberately faked symptoms of pregnancy in order to obtain special treatment from her keepers.	Did a Panda Fake Pregnancy to Get Special Treatment?
vclaim-sno-panda-solar-farm-china	A photograph shows a panda-shaped solar farm in China.	Is China’s ‘Panda Bear Solar Farm’ Real?
vclaim-sno-pandemicide-trump-covid	"The word ""pandemicide"" was coined in response to the Trump administration's response to the COVID-19 pandemic."	Is ‘Pandemicide’ a New Word Coined To Describe Trump’s COVID-19 Response?
vclaim-sno-pandora-black-lives-matter-protest	The streaming music service Pandora endorsed the Black Lives Matter movement while ignoring the deaths of Dallas police officers.	Pandora Endorses Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-panera-bread-frozen	TikTok videos show someone preparing frozen soup, chicken, and mac and cheese served at Panera Bread.	Did TikTok Videos ‘Expose’ Frozen Food Served at Panera Bread?
vclaim-sno-pantene-hair-products-causing-highlight-foils-to-catch-fire	"Pantene shampoo and conditioner leave a build-up on hair that causes it to heat up and ""smoke"" when combined with highlight foils."	Pantene Hair Products Causing Highlight Foils to Catch Fire?
vclaim-sno-panthera-masks	"The Trump administration awarded a $55 million contract to a ""bankrupt company"" with no employees to supply N95 masks that it doesn't make."	Did Trump Admin Give $55M to ‘Bankrupt Company’ for N95 Masks It Doesn’t Make?
vclaim-sno-panting-in-anticipation	For twenty-five years, two brothers-in-law traded the same pants back and forth between them as a Christmas gift, each time finding more inventive ways to wrap them.	Brothers Traded Moleskin Pants as an Annual Christmas Gift
vclaim-sno-pants-parking-spot-dibs	"A Chicago man is using frozen pants to call ""dibs"" on snow-cleared parking spots."	Did a Chicago Man Use Frozen Jeans To Call Dibs on Parking Spots?
vclaim-sno-pantyhose-masks-covid-19	The U.S. government is requiring people to wear pantyhose sleeves over their masks in order to improve their protection.	Is US Government Requiring Pantyhose Worn Over Masks?
vclaim-sno-papa-johns-ceo-quote	"Papa John's CEO John Schnatter said that he has no obligation to share ""excessive profits"" with his employees."	Papa John’s Won’t Share ‘Excessive Profits’ with Employees?
vclaim-sno-papa-johns-little-caesars-meme	A meme contains accurate information about the founders of Papa John's (John Schnatter) and Little Caesar's (Mike Ilitch) respectively.	Papa John’s John Schnatter vs. Little Caesar’s Mike Ilitch
vclaim-sno-papa-johns-nfl-advertising	As of November 2017, Pizza chain Papa John's had pulled their advertising from the National Football League.	Did Papa John’s Withdraw Their NFL Advertising Over Anthem Protests?
vclaim-sno-paper-chase	Lawyers representing Barack Obama admitted that his birth certificate is a forgery.	Obama Officially Ineligible
vclaim-sno-paper-melee	A professor notoriously tough on grading term papers, rarely giving out any grade higher than a “D”, finally rewards one student’s effort with a	Resubmitted Paper
vclaim-sno-paper-shredder-danger	Household paper shredders can pose a danger to children and pets.	Paper Shredder Danger
vclaim-sno-paper-trail-2	Barack Obama’s thesis for Columbia University, entitled “Aristocracy Reborn,” noted that America’s founding fathers “did not allow for economic freedom.”	Barack Obama’s Columbia University Thesis
vclaim-sno-paper-trail	Koch Industries paid the legal fees of George Zimmerman.	Koch Pays George Zimmerman’s Legal Fees?
vclaim-sno-paracetamol-warning	Over-the-counter painkiller paracetamol is contaminated with the Machupo virus and should be avoided.	Is Paracetamol Contaminated with the Deadly ‘Machupo’ Virus?
vclaim-sno-parade-grounds	Photographs show politically themed floats from a German parade.	German Parade Floats
vclaim-sno-parallel-parking-wheels-future	A video shows a car's wheels turning perpendicular in order to exit from a tight parking spot.	Does This Video Show a Car’s Wheels Turn Perpendicular to Exit a Parking Spot?
vclaim-sno-paramagnetic-paint-car	"A video clip shows a car with color-changing ""paramagnetic paint."""	Does This Car Have Paramagnetic Paint That Automatically Changes Colors?
vclaim-sno-parasailer-shark-attack-real	A photograph shows a shark leaping from the water to bite a parasailer.	Is This a Picture of a Shark Attacking a Parasailer?
vclaim-sno-parasite-fish-tongue-mouth	A photograph shared to social media showed a parasitic organism that attaches to a fish's tongue and spends the rest of its life as a pseudo tongue while feeding off its host’s blood.	Does a Photo Show a Parasite That Replaced a Fish’s Tongue?
vclaim-sno-parasites-rights-abortion-sign	"A photograph shows pro-choice activists carrying a sign that reads ""Parasites don't have rights."""	Did Pro-Choice Protesters Carry a Sign That Likened Fetuses to ‘Parasites’?
vclaim-sno-parcc-strife	Educational materials publisher Pearson monitored students’ social media accounts for content related to the PARCC test.	Pearson PARCC Social Media Spying
vclaim-sno-parcel-delivery-service	"Cards from a ""Parcel Delivery Service"" notifying recipients of parcels awaiting delivery are part of a premium rate telephone scam."	‘Parcel Delivery Service’ Telephone Scam
vclaim-sno-pardon-during-impeachment	A president under impeachment is prohibited from issuing pardons.	Is the US President Blocked from Issuing Pardons During Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-parents-deported-reunited	A photograph shows one of nine parents deported by Trump being reunited with his child in the U.S. during the Biden administration.	Were 9 Parents Deported Under Trump Just Reunited with Their Children?
vclaim-sno-parents-nightmare	The April 2005 issue of Parents magazine displayed unfortunate cover placement.	Parents’ Nightmare
vclaim-sno-parents-sue-planned-parenthood	A couple sued Planned Parenthood for child support over a failed abortion.	Did Parents Sue Planned Parenthood for Child Support Over a Failed Abortion?
vclaim-sno-paris-fined-hiring-many-women	The City of Paris administration was fined nearly $110,000 for hiring too many women in senior positions.	Was the City of Paris Fined for Hiring Too Many Women?
vclaim-sno-paris-hilton-britney-spears-selfie	A photograph of Paris Hilton and Britney Spears, taken by Hilton in 2006, was the world's first selfie.	Did Paris Hilton and Britney Spears Invent the Selfie in 2006?
vclaim-sno-paris-muslim-siege-false	A video shows Muslims rampaging through Paris.	Paris Under Muslim Siege
vclaim-sno-park-covered-spider-webs	A photograph show park ground in Australia covered with spider webs.	Does This Photograph Show a Park Covered with Spider Webs?
vclaim-sno-park-place	Zuccotti Park is owned by Brookfield Properties, which has other political connections.	Zuccotti Park – Brookfield Properties
vclaim-sno-parkade	Photographs show automobiles tightly packed in a compact German public parking garage.	Is This a Real Compact German Public Parking Garage?
vclaim-sno-parking-vijay-mallya-joke	Billionaire Vijay Mallya found cheap parking in New York by using his expensive car as collateral for a loan.	Did a Billionaire Use His Car as Collateral to Get Cheap Parking from a Bank?
vclaim-sno-parkland-memorial-hospital	70% of the women who gave birth at Parkland Memorial Hospital in the first three months of 2006 were illegal immigrants.	Parkland Memorial Hospital and Illegal Immigrants
vclaim-sno-parler-russia	The social media platform Parler came back online in January 2021 with support from a Russian company.	Is Parler Being Supported by a Russian Company?
vclaim-sno-parole-call	Charles Manson has been granted parole and will soon be released from prison.	Charles Manson Granted Parole?
vclaim-sno-parrot-flower	Photographs show the 'parrot plant,' a plant whose flowers resemble a parrot in flight.	Parrot Flower
vclaim-sno-parsons-green-london-bomb-hoax	"The actor Nora Kirkpatrick ""played"" a victim as part of a fake terrorist bomb attack at Parsons Green in London."	Did an American Actor Take Part in a London Bomb Attack ‘Hoax’?
vclaim-sno-party-scarred	The California Department of Public Health has issued a warning against measles parties.	Measles Parties
vclaim-sno-passed-tense	A teenager whose mother had died received a government check mailed to	Mrs. Passed Away
vclaim-sno-passing-fancy	Article contrasts observances of the passings of Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, and Michael Jackson.	Passing Fancy
vclaim-sno-passing-the-buck	The use of the word “buck” as a slang term for “dollar” derives from a reference to black male slaves.	Etymology of Buck
vclaim-sno-passport-of-call	Barack Obama must have used a non-U.S. passport to travel to Pakistan in 1981.	Barack Obama’s Passport
vclaim-sno-pastor-david-platt-donald-trump	Pastor David Platt prayed for President Donald Trump during the latter's impromptu visit to his church.	Did Pastor David Platt Pray for President Trump During a Church Visit?
vclaim-sno-pastor-dettol-coronavirus	Some 59 people died after a pastor gave them Dettol to drink to supposedly prevent coronavirus.	Did 59 People Die After Pastor Gave Them Dettol To Drink To Prevent Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-pastor-eaten-by-crocodiles	A pastor was eaten by crocodiles in front of horrified parishioners during his attempt to walk on water.	Was a Pastor Eaten by Crocodiles While Trying to Walk on Water?
vclaim-sno-pastor-present-2	Did a holy man disguise himself as homeless in order to test the compassion of his congregation?	Pastor Disguises Himself as Homeless Man
vclaim-sno-pastor-scarborough-cancer	"Pastor Rick Scarborough asserted that breast cancer is caused by women's ""dirty"" thoughts."	Did Pastor Scarborough Blame Women’s Impure Thoughts for Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-pat-buchanan-said-things-were-better-in-the-50s-when-everyone-knew-their-place	"Pat Buchanan said America was better when everybody ""knew their place."""	Pat Buchanan Said Things Were Better in the `50s, When Everyone ‘Knew Their Place’
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-boycott-hillary	"Pat Robertson advised men whose wives are voting for Hillary Clinton to ""boycott sex"" until they changed their minds."	Pat Robertson Says Husbands Must Boycott Sex with Wives Voting Hillary
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-david-bowie	"Pat Robertson claimed David Bowie wasn't dead, but instead that ""demons kidnapped him to entertain them in Hell."""	Pat Robertson Says David Bowie Isn’t Dead?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-feminist-agenda	"Pat Robertson said the feminist agenda encourages women to ""kill their children, practice witchcraft, and become lesbians."""	Did Pat Robertson Say Feminism Encourages Women to “Kill Their Children”?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-gay-colors	Televangelist Pat Robertson said gay people should wear specific colors so they can be easily identified by straight people.	Pat Robertson: ‘Gay People Should Wear Specially-Colored Clothes to Warn Straight People’?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-global-warming-trump	"Televangelist Pat Robertson said ""God came to me in a dream and said that if America elected Trump, he would protect us from the effects of global warming."""	Did Pat Robertson Say Global Warming Won’t Affect America Because God Is Protecting Trump?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-melania-cure	"Televangelist Pat Robertson said ""staring"" at First Lady Melania Trump could ""cure gays."""	Did Pat Robertson Say ‘Staring’ at Melania Trump ‘Can Heal Gays’?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-melania-nude-pics	"TV evangelist Pat Robertson described nude photographs of Melania Trump as ""pure art that shows the beauty of God's work."""	Did Pat Robertson Say ‘Melania’s Nude Pics Are Pure Art’?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-notre-dame-gays	"Pat Robertson said that the Notre Dame fire was the result of ""hell bubbling over with homosexuals."""	Did Pat Robertson Say the Notre Dame Fire Was the Result of ‘Hell Bubbling over with Homosexuals’?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-oral-sex-coronavirus	Televangelist Pat Robertson blamed oral sex for the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.	Did Pat Robertson Blame Oral Sex for COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-orlando-shooting	Pat Robertson asserted the Orlando nightclub shooting was God's punishment for legalizing same-sex marriage.	Pat Robertson: “Orlando Shooting Is God’s Punishment for SCOTUS’ Same-Sex Marriage Ruling”
vclaim-sno-pat-robertson-shooting-up-churches	"Pat Robertson said Jews should become Christians because ""nobody is shooting up churches."""	Did Pat Robertson Say ‘Nobody Is Shooting Up Churches’?
vclaim-sno-pat-sajak-daughter	A photograph used in an online advertisement in February 2021 showed Pat Sajak posing with his daughter.	Does a Photo Show ‘Wheel of Fortune’ Host Pat Sajak’s Daughter?
vclaim-sno-pat-sajak-net-worth	Pat Sajak died, and his net worth left his family in tears.	Did Pat Sajak ‘Leave Behind’ a Net Worth That Made His Family Cry?
vclaim-sno-patagonia-vote-the-assholes-out	"A photograph shows a Patagonia clothing tag that reads, ""Vote the Assholes Out."""	Is Patagonia’s ‘Vote the Assholes Out’ Clothing Tag Real?
vclaim-sno-patent-zero	The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) owns a patent on Ebola.	Does the CDC Own an Ebola Patent?
vclaim-sno-patience-carter-crisis-actor-orlando	"Orlando shooting victim Patience Carter is actually a ""crisis actor."""	Patience Carter Is a Victim, Not a Crisis Actor
vclaim-sno-patients-die-intensive-care-puerto-rico-icu	All of the patients in the intensive care unit of a Puerto Rican hospital were killed by Hurricane Maria.	Did All of the Patients in a Puerto Rican Intensive Care Unit Die?
vclaim-sno-patrick-henry-constitution-quote	"Patrick Henry once said, ""The Constitution is not a document for the government to restrain the people: it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government."""	Did Patrick Henry Say the Constitution Is ‘For the People to Restrain the Government?’
vclaim-sno-patrick-little-neo-nazi-california	"Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in California, Patrick Little, has expressed anti-semitic views, including calling for a United States ""free from Jews."""	Is a Neo-Nazi Running as a Republican for the U.S. Senate in California?
vclaim-sno-patrick-mahomes-buys-dinner	Kansas City Chiefs' quarterback Patrick Mahomes once bought dinner for everyone at a restaurant because they didn't bother him for an autograph.	Did NFL Star Patrick Mahomes Buy Dinner for All Patrons at a Restaurant?
vclaim-sno-patrick-moore-climate-doubter	"Patrick Moore, who once described anthropogenic climate change as “fake science” on the morning opinion program ""Fox and Friends,"" co-founded the environmental action group Greenpeace."	Did Patrick Moore, a Doubter of Anthropogenic Climate Change, Co-Found Greenpeace?
vclaim-sno-patrick-more-important-living	"Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick said COVID-19 social-distancing restrictions should be eased because ""there are more important things than living."""	Did Texas’ Lt. Gov. Say ‘There Are More Important Things Than Living’?
vclaim-sno-patrick-stewart-on-galaxy-quest	'Star Trek' star Patrick Stewart admitted he originally refused to see the 'Galaxy Quest' movie, but eventually he did so and greatly enjoyed the film.	Patrick Stewart on ‘Galaxy Quest’
vclaim-sno-patriot-party-trump	"As of late January 2021, former U.S. President Donald Trump had started a new U.S. political party called the ""Patriot Party."""	Did Trump Start a New Political Party Called the ‘Patriot Party’?
vclaim-sno-patriot-picnic-at-chicano-park	"Pro-Donald Trump activists were accosted by a ""violent mob"" while eating pizza at a Chicano Park."	‘Violent Mob’ Forced Police to Shut Down a ‘Patriot Picnic’ at Chicano Park?
vclaim-sno-patriots-white-house-attendance	A set of photographs accurately depict the number of New England Patriots players in attendance at a White House ceremony in 2015 and 2017.	More New England Patriots Players Attended White House Super Bowl Ceremony in 2015 than 2017?
vclaim-sno-paul-georges-number-change	A video shows Paul George's jersey number changing from 13 to 14 after he performed a 360 dunk.	Did Paul George’s Jersey Number Change After He Executed a 360 Dunk?
vclaim-sno-paul-gosars-siblings	Six of Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar's siblings appeared in a political commercial endorsing his opponent, David Brill.	Did Paul Gosar’s Siblings Appear in a Political Ad Endorsing His Opponent?
vclaim-sno-paul-is-dead	Musician Ringo Starr admitted that Paul McCartney passed away in 1966 and was replaced by a lookalike.	Did Paul McCartney Die in 1966?
vclaim-sno-paul-krugman-internets-effect-economy	Economist Paul Krugman wrote that by 2005, it would become clear that the Internet's effect on the economy is no greater than the fax machine's.	Did Paul Krugman Say the Internet’s Effect on the World Economy Would Be ‘No Greater Than the Fax Machine’s’?
vclaim-sno-paul-lepage-homeless-quote	"Governor Paul LePage said that the ""worst possible thing"" you can do for the homeless is to offer them food and shelter."	FALSE: Paul LePage Quote on Homeless People
vclaim-sno-paul-mccartney-adopt-shirt	"A photograph shows Paul McCartney wearing a t-shirt with the word ""adopt"" written across the chest."	Photograph of Paul McCartney Wearing ‘Adopt’ Shirt
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-birth-control-murder	House speaker Paul Ryan asserted that women who use birth control are committing murder.	Did Paul Ryan Say Women Who Use Birth Control Are Committing Murder?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-blocking-calls-and-faxes	Speaker Paul Ryan is blocking all incoming calls and faxes to his various offices.	Is Paul Ryan Blocking All Calls and Faxes?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-conducting-obamacare-phone-survey	House Speaker Paul Ryan is conducting a phone survey regarding experiences with the Affordable Care Act.	Paul Ryan Conducting Obamacare Phone Survey
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-confesses-national-tv	"Speaker Paul Ryan said that he doesn't care if Donald ""Trump destroys the United States and that he is a liar and a fraud."""	Paul Ryan Confesses on National TV
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-destroy-health-care	Paul Ryan said that he would not stop until he destroyed health care in America.	Did Paul Ryan Say He Wants to Destroy Health Care?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-endorsed-antifa	"Paul Ryan endorsed ""antifa,"" saying that they stood for the ""greater good."""	Paul Ryan Endorsed Antifa?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-out-speaker-house	Wisconsin Republican Paul Ryan is going to be replaced as Speaker of the House.	Is Paul Ryan ‘Out’ as Speaker of the House?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryan-said-free-lunches-give-children-empty-souls	"In 2016, Speaker Paul Ryan said free lunches gave children a ""full stomach"" but left them with an ""empty soul."""	Paul Ryan Said Free Lunches Give Children ‘Empty Souls’?
vclaim-sno-paul-ryans-wife-is-a-liberal-who-voted-twice-for-obama	Paul Ryan's wife Janna is a secret liberal who voted for Obama twice.	Paul Ryan’s Wife Is a Liberal Who Voted Twice for Obama?
vclaim-sno-paul-teutul-death-hoax	"""American Chopper"" star Paul Teutul, Sr. was killed in a motorcycle accident in April 2016."	Paul Teutul Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-paul-walker-death	Actor Paul Walker was killed in a car crash.	Paul Walker Dead at 40
vclaim-sno-paul-walkers-ghost	"An image shows the ghost of Paul Walker on the set of the eighth movie in ""The Fast and the Furious"" franchise."	Was Paul Walker’s Ghost Spotted on a ‘Fast and Furious’ Movie Set?
vclaim-sno-paula-white-january-salary	Paula White, a member of President Trump’s evangelical advisory committee, asked her followers to donate their January salaries to her ministry.	Did Trump’s Spiritual Adviser Ask People to Send Her Their January Salaries?
vclaim-sno-paula-white-prayer-flags	Televangelist Paula White sold American flags that were personally blessed by President Donald Trump.	Is Paula White Selling Prayer Flags Blessed by Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-paula-white-satanic-pregnancies	"In January 2020, Paula White prayed for all ""satanic pregnancies"" to ""miscarry right now."""	Did Trump Adviser Paula White Pray for All ‘Satanic Pregnancies’ to Be Terminated?
vclaim-sno-paula-white-vision-trump-horse	"White House spiritual adviser Paula White said that God showed her a vision of ""Trump riding alongside Jesus on a horse made of gold and jewels."""	Did Paula White Have a Vision of Trump Riding Alongside Jesus on a Golden Horse?
vclaim-sno-pavarotti-granddaughter-singing	"A video shows Luciano Pavarotti's granddaughter Sislena Caparrosa singing ""Nessun Dorma."""	Is This Pavarotti’s Granddaughter Singing ‘Nessun Dorma’?
vclaim-sno-pay-bridge-electrical-bill	A Kentucky business owner found out he had been paying the electric bills of an Ohio River bridge, in addition to his own, for five months.	Did a Man Discover He Was Paying a Bridge’s Electric Bill?
vclaim-sno-payday-candy-bar-name-change	"The candy bar ""Payday"" is having its name changed because it is offensive to people without jobs."	Is the Payday Candy Bar Changing Its Name?
vclaim-sno-paying-sold-debt	Consumers are not obligated to pay back debt that creditors have written off and sold.	Are You Exempt from Paying Sold-Off Debt?
vclaim-sno-payphone-poison	Gang members all over the country are spreading a deadly mixture of LSD and strychnine on pay phone buttons.	Payphone Poison
vclaim-sno-peace-plan	Comedian Robin Williams authored a plan for how the U.S. should handle foreign affairs.	Robin Williams’ Peace Plan
vclaim-sno-peach-syrup-stomach-flu	"Ingesting ""a tablespoon"" of fruit syrup every 15 minutes for an hour can help someone dealing with vomiting or diarrhea."	Can Peach Syrup Help Treat the ‘Stomach Flu’?
vclaim-sno-peanut-butter-cups	Three additives in peanut butter cups, soy lecithin, PGPR, and TBHQ, are inherently dangerous and should be avoided.	Three Reasons You Should Stop Eating Peanut Butter Cups
vclaim-sno-peanut-butter-jelly-racist	Portland schools are banning peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for being racist.	Is Peanut Butter and Jelly Banned in Portland Schools Over Racism?
vclaim-sno-peanuttin39-to-see-here	The comic strip	Was the Comic Strip ‘Peanuts’ Renamed ‘Radishes’ in Denmark?
vclaim-sno-pearl-harbor-photographs	Photographs show images of the Pearl Harbor attack taken by a sailor in December 1941 and recently found in an old Brownie camera stored in a foot locker.	Were Pearl Harbor Photographs Recently Found in an Old Camera?
vclaim-sno-pediatricians-association-admits-hpv-vaccine-cancer-link	"An association of pediatricians ""admitted"" that HPV vaccine Gardasil causes ovarian ""failure"" or cancer."	FALSE: Pediatricians’ Association Admits HPV Vaccine-Cancer Link
vclaim-sno-pedophile-poster-oregon	"A pedophilia group put up a sign reading ""Pedophiles are People Too"" near a school in Oregon."	Was a ‘Pedophiles Are People Too’ Notice Posted Near an Oregon School?
vclaim-sno-pedophile-priest-crucified	A priest with HIV who raped children was exonerated by the Catholic Church and then crucified.	Was a Pedophile Priest with HIV Who Raped Children Crucified?
vclaim-sno-pedophile-prison-death	A pedophile who was part of a gang that drugged and raped babies was found dead in his prison cell with his penis chopped off.	Was a Pedophile Found Dead in His Prison Cell with His Penis Chopped Off?
vclaim-sno-pedophiles-age-fluid	"A concerted effort exists to normalize ""age fluidity"" to allow pedophiles to legally engage in physical relationships with children."	Are Pedophiles Claiming to be ‘Age Fluid’?
vclaim-sno-pedophiles-decapitated-corpse-found-on-judges-doorstep-after-bail-hearing	A pedophile named William Smith was decapitated and left on a judge's doorstep in September 2017.	Was a Pedophile’s Decapitated Corpse Found on a Judge’s Doorstep After a Bail Hearing?
vclaim-sno-pedophiles-music-industry	Justin Bieber and Katy Perry made public statements warning that the music industry is run by pedophiles.	Did Justin Bieber and Katy Perry Say Pedophiles Run the Music Industry?
vclaim-sno-pedophilia-disability-greece	Pedophilia is considered a disability in Greece.	Is Pedophilia Considered a Disability in Greece?
vclaim-sno-peel-orange-california-hotel-law	A California law specifically prohibits hotel guests from peeling oranges in their rooms.	Is It Illegal to Peel an Orange in a California Hotel Room?
vclaim-sno-pelican-befriend-stray-dog	"A photograph shows ""Petey the Pelican"" and a stray dog befriended by the large bird."	Did ‘Petey the Pelican’ Befriend a Stray Dog?
vclaim-sno-pell-grants	Non-citizens don't pay taxes but are eligible for federal educational assistance programs not available to U.S. citizens.	Pell Grants for Non-Citizens?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-4th-divorce	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's fourth husband has filed for divorce.	Did Nancy Pelosi’s 4th Husband File for Divorce?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-angeli-collude-antifa	Michiel Vos colluded with Jake Angeli, a leftist agent provocateur posing as a Trump supporter, as shown in a photograph of the two men.	Did ‘Antifa’ Jake Angeli Collude With Nancy Pelosi’s Son-in-Law?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-civilization-as-we-know-it	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said ""civilization as we know it today is at stake"" in regards to the 2020 presidential election."	Did Pelosi Say ‘Civilization as We Know It Today Is at Stake’ About 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-close-trump-plaza-hotel	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi signed a warrant ordering the New York Health Department to close Trump Plaza Hotel.	Did Pelosi Have Health Department Close Trump Plaza Hotel?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-congress-virus-quote	"U. S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi declared during the COVID-19 pandemic that Congress would be out of session ""unless there is an emergency."""	Did Pelosi Say Congress Would Not Return ‘Unless There Is an Emergency’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-coronavirus-funding	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi held up a coronavirus funding package so that Democrats could run negative ads about Republicans that made the latter look bad.	Did US House Speaker Pelosi ‘Hold Back’ Coronavirus Funding?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-daughters-arrested	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's daughters were arrested after breaking into a liquor store for quarantine supplies.	Were Pelosi’s Daughters Arrested for Breaking Into a Liquor Store for Quarantine Supplies?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-democrats-police-tactics	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi publicly criticized the actions of federal agents in U.S. cities during protests in 2020 — while simultaneously supporting a budget bill that would fund such law enforcement efforts.	Did Pelosi Decry Trump’s Police Tactics While Funding Them?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-dems-will-shut-it-all-down	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi called for a total shutdown of the government if her party doesn't get its way on impeaching President Donald Trump.	No, Pelosi Didn’t Say Dems Will ‘Shut It All Down’ If No Impeachment
vclaim-sno-pelosi-dress-trump-impeachments	Photographs show House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wearing the same outfit for both of U.S. President Donald Trump's impeachments.	Did Pelosi Wear Same Dress for Both of Trump’s Impeachments?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-end-social-security-pay	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced that she will be ending Social Security payments for two months starting in April 2020.	Did Pelosi End Social Security Payments for 2 Months?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-escorted-out-white-house	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi was escorted out of the White House after showing up too drunk to speak.	Was Pelosi Escorted Out of White House After Showing Up ‘Too Drunk to Speak’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-gender-ban-house	In January 2021, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats proposed banning, eliminating, or removing gender-specific language from use in the U.S. House of Representatives.	Did Pelosi ‘Remove’ Gender-Specific Words from Use in the House of Representatives?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-hair-salon	In August 2020, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi had a hair appointment at a salon in San Francisco — at a time when hair salons were forbidden to operate in the city due to COVID-19.	Did Pelosi Visit Hair Salon Closed Due to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-healthcare-pass-the-bill-to-see-what-is-in-it	"House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said of the Affordable Care Act, in 2010: ""We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."""	Did Nancy Pelosi Say Obamacare Must be Passed to ‘Find Out What Is in It’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-house-chamber-sign	"Nancy Pelosi removed a 150-year-old sign reading ""In God We Trust"" from the entrance to the U.S. House of Representatives Chamber."	Did Nancy Pelosi Remove a 150-Year-Old ‘In God We Trust’ Sign from the House Chamber Entrance?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-illegal-immigration-quote	"Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi said: ""Just because someone is here illegally doesn't mean they broke any of our laws."""	Did Nancy Pelosi Say ‘Just Because Someone Is Here Illegally Doesn’t Mean They Broke Any of Our Laws’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-impeachment-social-security	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi diverted $2.4 billion from the Social Security fund to cover impeachment costs.	Did Pelosi Divert Billions from Social Security to Cover Impeachment Costs?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-impeachment-two-years	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ""admitted"" she began impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump 2 1/2 years ago."	Did Nancy Pelosi ‘Admit’ She Began Impeachment Two Years Ago?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-jet-use	"House Speaker Nancy Pelosi routinely used a ""big fat 200-seat jet"" to travel between California and D.C."	Did Nancy Pelosi Routinely Use a ‘Big Fat 200-Seat Jet’ to Travel to California?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-jr-ukraine	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s son, Paul Pelosi Jr., “was an executive of a gas industry company that did business in Ukraine.”	Was Nancy Pelosi’s Son an Exec at a Gas Company That Did Business in Ukraine?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-laptop-cheyenne	"Pelosi was headed to the ""border"" but was detained at an undisclosed location due to evidence viewed by President Donald Trump at Cheyenne Mountain military base. The evidence was found on a laptop stolen from her office during the Capitol riot."	Was Trump at Cheyenne Mountain Military Base Looking at ‘Evidence’ From Pelosi’s Stolen Laptop?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-letter-ted-wheeler-laptop	"In August 2020, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wrote to Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler, urging him to ""blame Trump"" for civil unrest in the city."	Did Pelosi Write This Letter to Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-mccarthy-press-release	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's office published a news release referring to House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy's political affiliation as ""Q-CA"" in reference to the QAnon conspiracy movement."	Did Pelosi Issue a Statement Calling Kevin McCarthy ‘Q-CA’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-offer-drop-impeachment	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi offered to drop impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump in exchange for legislation giving amnesty to all undocumented immigrants in the United States.	Did Pelosi Offer to Drop Impeachment in Exchange for Full Immigrant Amnesty?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-plastic-straw-guns	"Nancy Pelosi said ""the plastic straw ban is important for gun control. It stops pea shooting and spitballing which are gateway guns."""	Did Nancy Pelosi Say the ‘Plastic Straw Ban Is Important for Gun Control?’
vclaim-sno-pelosi-reagan-evil-quote	President Ronald Reagan once said, “Nancy Pelosi is extremely evil” because she is a member of the politically connected D'Alesandro family.	Did Ronald Reagan Describe Nancy Pelosi as ‘Extremely Evil’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-resign-trump-reelected	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced she would resign if President Donald Trump were re-elected in 2020.	Did Pelosi Promise to Resign If Trump Is Re-Elected?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-rips-up-bible-anti-trump	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ripped up a bible in a bold statement against President Donald Trump.	Did Pelosi Rip Up the Bible in a Bold, Anti-Trump Statement?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-sanchez-state-of-union	Photographs show House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi scolding a fellow Democrat for standing during the State of the Union.	Did Nancy Pelosi Scold a Democrat for Standing at the State of the Union Address?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-seniors-social-security	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told senior citizens, ""You're not entitled to social security! It's gone!"""	Did Pelosi Tell Seniors, ‘You Are Not Entitled to Social Security! It’s Gone!’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-social-security-blm-defense	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi diverted $2.4 billion from Social Security to cover the legal defense of Black Lives Matter.	Did Pelosi Move $2.4B from Social Security for BLM Legal Defense?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-ss-leeches	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi once told supporters at a fundraiser that Social Security recipients “are just a burden on society.”	Did Pelosi Call Social Security Recipients a ‘Burden on Society’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-stage-vaccine-photo	Photographs that circulated in mid-December 2020 showed U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, a Democrat from California, receiving her COVID-19 vaccination with a needle that was still sealed with its orange cap.	Did Pelosi Stage Photo of Herself Getting COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-stimulus-package	"On May 4, 2020, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she wants the federal government's next economic relief bill during the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic to establish ""guaranteed minimum incomes"" for ""illegal aliens."""	Does Pelosi Want ‘Guaranteed Minimum Incomes’ for ‘Illegal Aliens’ in Next COVID-19 Stimulus?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-trump-medical-records	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi demanded that President Donald Trump's physician turn over all of his medical records to Congress.	Did Pelosi Demand Doctor Hand Over Trump’s Medical Records?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-trump-use-back-door	U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi ordered President Trump to enter the Capitol Building through the rear kitchen entrance to deliver his 2019 State of the Union address.	Did Nancy Pelosi Order Trump to ‘Use the Back Door’ for the State of the Union?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-trump-vetted-politician	"U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that the political class wouldn't accept U.S. President Donald Trump among its ranks because he isn't a ""vetted politician"" and is among the ""common people."""	Did Pelosi Say Trump Can’t Hold Power Because He’s One of the ‘Common People’?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-tweet-chinatown-tourism	U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi's Twitter account deleted a tweet showing her encouraging tourism to Chinatown weeks after President Donald Trump closed the U.S. border to China.	Did Pelosi Delete a Tweet That Showed Her Promoting Chinatown Tourism?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-usps-husband-meme	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi passed a bill that would help her husband profit off the sale of federally owned U.S. Postal Service property.	Did Pelosi Pass a Bill Allowing Her Husband To Make Millions Selling USPS Property?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-votes-troops-overseas	In 2020, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said U.S. troops stationed overseas should no longer be allowed to vote in U.S. elections.	Did Pelosi Call For Votes To Be Removed From U.S. Troops Overseas?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-waters-trump-sign	A photograph shows U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Rep. Maxine Waters posing beneath a Trump 2020 campaign sign.	Did Reps. Pelosi and Waters Pose with ‘Trump 2020’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-pelosi-wuhan-november	Nancy Pelosi visited Wuhan, China, in November 2019, just a month before the COVID-19 outbreak there.	Did Nancy Pelosi Visit Wuhan in November 2019?
vclaim-sno-pelvic-exams-informed-consent	In 45 states, doctors and medical students are legally allowed to practice pelvic exams on patients who are under anesthesia without being granted explicit consent to do so.	Is Performing Pelvic Exams on Unconscious Women Without Informed Consent Legal?
vclaim-sno-penal-institution	Gangster John Dillinger's exceptionally large penis is housed in one of the Smithsonian museums in Washington, D.C.	Is John Dillinger’s Penis on Display at the Smithsonian?
vclaim-sno-penalty-shot	Item describes penalties for non-compliance with the PPACA individual health insurance mandate.	Warning Concerning Obamacare
vclaim-sno-pence-anti-witchcraft	Vice President Mike Pence is creating a 'Department of Anti-Witchcraft' to safeguard religious liberty.	Mike Pence Promises to Create the Department of Anti-Witchcraft?
vclaim-sno-pence-conversation-coronavirus	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence introduced a program to cure new coronavirus carriers with the discredited practice of conversion therapy.	Did VP Mike Pence Introduce ‘Conversion Therapy’ Program to Combat Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-pence-empty-boxes	Vice President Mike Pence was filmed delivering empty boxes that were supposed to be filled with personal protective equipment to a rehabilitation center in Virginia.	Did Pence Deliver Empty PPE Boxes to a Rehabilitation Center?
vclaim-sno-pence-escorted	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was removed from the Senate chamber on Jan. 6, 2021, while presiding over the certification of the 2020 electoral college vote.	Was Pence Rushed Out of Capitol During Electoral College Count?
vclaim-sno-pence-law-forcing-fetus-funerals	Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence signed legislation forcing women to hold funerals for miscarried or aborted fetuses.	Mike Pence Signed Law Forcing Women to Pay for Fetus ‘Funerals’?
vclaim-sno-pence-nasa-do-not-touch	"A photograph shows U.S. Vice President Mike Pence touching a piece of NASA equipment that bore a sign reading ""DO NOT TOUCH."""	Did VP Pence Touch NASA Gear Labeled ‘Do Not Touch’?
vclaim-sno-pence-op-ed-hr1-immigrants	"The For the People Act of 2021, also known as U.S. H.R.1, would ensure ""that millions of illegal immigrants are quickly registered to vote"" by forcing states to adopt universal mail-in ballots, early voting, same-day voter registration, online voter registration, and automatic voter registration."	Would HR 1 Ensure Millions of ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Are Registered to Vote?
vclaim-sno-pence-rainbow-flags-iceland	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was greeted by a widespread display of LGBT rainbow flags on his visit to Reykjavík, Iceland, in September 2019.	Was Mike Pence Greeted by a Widespread Display of LGBT Rainbow Flags in Iceland?
vclaim-sno-pence-recaptured-after-fleeing-trump-campaign-bus	Mike Pence was recaptured after he attempted to escape from Donald Trump's campaign bus.	Pence Recaptured After Fleeing Trump Campaign Bus?
vclaim-sno-pence-systemic-racism	"U.S. Vice President Mike Pence balked at the idea that ""America is systemically racist"" during a debate with Democratic nominee Sen. Kamala Harris, a Black woman."	Did Pence Dismiss the Idea of Systemic Racism?
vclaim-sno-pence-trump-coronavirus-test	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is taking President Donald Trump's coronavirus tests for him.	Is Pence Taking Trump’s Coronavirus Tests for Him?
vclaim-sno-pence-trump-twitter-jan-6-riots	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence unfollowed President Donald Trump following Jan. 6, 2021, riots in Washington, D.C.	Did Pence Unfollow Trump on Twitter Following Jan. 6 DC Riots?
vclaim-sno-pence-white-house-syria-photo	Vice President Mike Pence was in the White House Situation Room while the U.S. carried out a strike against Syria.	Was Mike Pence at the White House During the U.S. Strike Against Syria?
vclaim-sno-pencil-death	A student, stressed to the breaking point by the pressures of exams, committed suicide during a test by shoving pencils up his nostrils and into his brain.	‘Pencil Death’ Exam Suicide
vclaim-sno-penelope-eddy	Penelope Eddy provided a kindness for a homeless man who had helped her many years before.	Penelope Eddy
vclaim-sno-peng-shuilin	Photographs show Peng Shuilin, a Chinese man who lost the lower half of his body in an automobile accident.	Half Man-Half Price Store
vclaim-sno-penguin-pebble-proposal	"A male penguin searches an entire beach for the ""perfect pebble"" to lay at the feet of his chosen female penguin."	Do Male Penguins Make ‘Pebble Proposals’ to Their Mates?
vclaim-sno-penguin-warehouse	You can buy a penguin online from penguinwarehouse.com.	Penguin Warehouse
vclaim-sno-penguins-fall-over-airplanes	Penguins fall over onto their backs while trying to observe airplanes flying overhead.	Do Penguins Fall Over Watching Airplanes?
vclaim-sno-penile-fracture	X-ray image documents a case of a penile fracture.	Penile Fracture
vclaim-sno-penis-enlargement-death-embolism	A man in Stockholm, Sweden died from a fat embolism after undergoing penis enlargement surgery.	Did a Man in Sweden Die From Penis Enhancement Surgery?
vclaim-sno-penis-island	A photograph shows an island that looks like a penis.	Is This a Photo of a Penis-Shaped Landmass?
vclaim-sno-pennsylvania-205000-votes	"The state of Pennsylvania recorded ""205,000 votes more than they had voters"" in the 2020 U.S. election."	Did Pennsylvania Record 205,000 More Votes Than Voters?
vclaim-sno-pennsylvania-bans-new-jersey-drivers	Pennsylvania passed a law banning New Jersey drivers from its highways.	Pennsylvania Bans New Jersey Drivers
vclaim-sno-pennsylvania-judge-legal-win-trump	A Pennsylvania judge ruled that some mail-in ballots would be disqualified, scoring a major legal win for U.S. President Donald Trump in the 2020 presidential election.	Did a Pennsylvania Judge Rule Out Some Mail-In Ballots?
vclaim-sno-pennsylvania-trump-rally	A photograph of a massive outdoor crowd depicts the crowd from a May 2019 Trump rally in Pennsylvania.	Does a Photograph of a Large Crowd Show a PA Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-penny-ante	A baseball player protested a fine by paying it in pennies.	Baseball Fine Paid in Pennies
vclaim-sno-penny-marshall-donate-estate-trump	The late Penny Marshall donated her entire estate to President Donald Trump's 2020 re-election campaign.	Did Penny Marshall Donate Her Estate to Trump’s 2020 Election Campaign?
vclaim-sno-penny-stock	A collector deliberately placed three valuable U.S. coins into circulation in	Valuable U.S. Coins Placed into Circulation
vclaim-sno-penny-whys	U.S. law specifies that merchants do not have to accept more than 100 pennies in payment.	Debt Payment in Pennies
vclaim-sno-pentagon-bathrooms	The Pentagon was built with extra bathrooms to accommodate racial segregation laws.	Was the Pentagon Built with Extra Bathrooms?
vclaim-sno-pentagon-bible-unburned	An unburned Bible was found amidst the charred wreckage of the Pentagon after the September 11 terrorist attack.	Unburned Pentagon Bible
vclaim-sno-pentagon-daycare-corral	Forty Marines rescued kids from a Pentagon daycare facility on 9/11, then enclosed them in a protective corral of cribs.	Pentagon 9/11 Daycare Corral
vclaim-sno-pentagon-military-sendoff-trump	Incumbent U.S. President Donald Trump wanted a military-style send-off, complete with a 21-gun salute, on Inauguration Day.	Did Trump Want a Military Send-Off on Inauguration Day?
vclaim-sno-pentagon-spends-powerball-tickets	The Pentagon purchased five million Powerball tickets at a cost of $10 million so they could buy more F-35s if they won.	Pentagon Spends $10 Million on Powerball Tickets?
vclaim-sno-people-collapsing-coronavirus	Videos show people collapsing on the street due to coronavirus.	Are People Collapsing in the Street from Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-people-golfing-right-next-huge-forest-fire	A photograph shows a group of people golfing as a forest fire rages in the background.	Are These People Golfing Near a Huge Forest Fire?
vclaim-sno-people-like-donald-trump	Hillary Clinton suggested during a 2013 speech that she would like to see Donald Trump run for President.	Did Hillary Clinton Say ‘I Would Like to See People Like Donald Trump Run for Office’?
vclaim-sno-people-versus-rotating-bar	A video shows hundreds of people getting knocked over by a giant rotating bar.	The People Versus the Rotating Bar
vclaim-sno-peotone-high-school-flag-ban	"Peotone High School in Illinois banned American flags because they offend people and called an assembly to inform students U.S. flags would not be ""tolerated"" in any ""shape or form."""	Peotone High School Bans U.S. Flags
vclaim-sno-pepe-le-pew	"The Warner Brothers cartoon character Pepe Le Pew was ""canceled"" from an upcoming sequel to ""Space Jam"" because a March 2021 New York Times op-ed said he ""normalized rape culture."""	Was Pepé Le Pew ‘Canceled’ Because of an NYT Op-Ed?
vclaim-sno-peppa-pig-causes-autism	Children who watch at least 30 minutes of “Peppa Pig” per day have a 56 percent higher probability of developing autism.	Does Peppa Pig Cause Autism?
vclaim-sno-peppa-prig	A couple was kicked off a bus after singing a nursery rhyme to their daughter that offended Muslim passengers.	Couple Kicked Off Bus After Nursery Rhyme Offends Muslims
vclaim-sno-pepper-worm-simla-mirch	A video shared widely in August 2019 shows a dangerous type of worm inside of a bell pepper.	Does a Video Show a Dangerous Worm in a Bell Pepper?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-ceo-tells-trump-supporters-to-take-their-business-elsewhere	"Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi told Donald Trump supporters to ""take their business elsewhere."""	Pepsi CEO Tells Trump Supporters to Take Their Business Elsewhere
vclaim-sno-pepsi-donates-black-lives-matter	In 2020, PepsiCo gave $100 million to entities or projects associated with the Black Lives Matter movement.	Did Pepsi Donate $100M to Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-ingredients-regulation	Pepsi admitted that their soda contains cancer-causing ingredients.	Did Pepsi ‘Admit’ Their Sodas Contain Cancer-Causing Ingredients?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-mini-fridges-scam	"Pepsi held a ""100th anniversary"" mini fridge giveaway on Facebook in March 2021."	Is Pepsi Giving Away Mini Fridges for its 100th Anniversary?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-pledge-of-allegiance	"A new Pepsi soda can design omitted the words ""under God"" from the Pledge of Allegiance."	Did Pepsi Omit ‘Under God’ from the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-say-aquafina-tap-water	Pepsi admitted that Aquafina is just tap water.	Did Pepsi Admit Aquafina Is Just Tap Water?
vclaim-sno-pepsi-south-bend-firing-incident-controversy	A Pepsi employee in South Bend, Indiana was improperly terminated; while managers claimed he stole a case of soda, other employees confirmed the family's needs placed a fiscal burden on the company.	Pepsi South Bend Firing Incident Controversy
vclaim-sno-pepsifrooti-contaminated-with-hiv	A worker at a Pepsi or Frooti plant has contaminated those beverage products by injecting HIV-infected blood into them.	Is Pepsi Contaminated with HIV?
vclaim-sno-pepsis-got-a-lot-to-give	Stacking two of Pepsi’s special 1990 “Cool Cans” spelled out the word “S-E-X.”	‘SEX’ in Pepsi Cool Cans
vclaim-sno-pepto-xylitol	In August 2017, the makers of Pepto-Bismol added xylitol, a sugar substitute harmful to dogs, as an ingredient	Does Pepto-Bismol Contain Xylitol, Which is Harmful to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-perfect-petzzz-made-real-dog-fur	The company Perfect Petzzz uses real dog fur to make their products.	Are ‘Perfect Petzzz’ Toys Made With Real Dog Fur?
vclaim-sno-perfume-car-fire-ac	A video shared widely on social media in July 2019 shows a fire in a car caused by perfume or air freshener ignited by a cigarette lighter.	Does a Video Show a Car Fire Caused by Perfume and Air Conditioning?
vclaim-sno-perfume-robbers	Robbers in shopping mall parking lots are using ether-filled perfume bottles to render their victims unconscious.	Are Robbers Subduing Victims with Perfume?
vclaim-sno-permanent-closure-walt-disney-world-due-hurricane-irma	Walt Disney announced that they were permanently closing the Fort Wilderness Campgrounds due to damage from Hurricane Irma.	Permanent Closure at Walt Disney World Due to Hurricane Irma?
vclaim-sno-perot-trump-100-million	Ross Perot bequeathed $100 million to the re-election campaign of President Donald Trump.	Did Ross Perot Bequeath $100 Million to the Trump Campaign?
vclaim-sno-perry-ramsey-conspiracy-theory	Pop singer Katy Perry is actually JonBenét Ramsey, whose death was faked.	Katy Perry Is JonBenét Ramsey?
vclaim-sno-perseid-meteor-shower-largest	The 2017 Perseid Meteor shower will be the brightest meteor shower in recorded human history.	Will 2017’s Perseid Meteor Shower Be the Brightest in Recorded Human History?
vclaim-sno-persian-shrug	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry hide a close familial connection to an Iranian official with whom he negotiated a nuclear deal.	Did John Kerry Hide His Connection to an Iranian Official with Whom He Negotiated a Nuclear Deal?
vclaim-sno-person-who-leaked-hillary-clintons-medical-records-found-dead	"The CIA found a ""dead man's switch"" on the computer of the deceased father of a doctor treating Hillary Clinton for dementia."	Person Who Leaked Hillary Clinton’s Medical Records Found Dead
vclaim-sno-personal-foul	A list collects statements about rape made by Republican politicians.	Did Republicans Actually Say These Things About Rape?
vclaim-sno-personnel-best	Boss dismisses indolent office boy and pays him off on the spot, only to discover the “fired” employee worked for someone else.	Fired Worker
vclaim-sno-peta-boo	PETA placed bricks with hidden messages at baseball parks.	PETA Bricks at Baseball Parks
vclaim-sno-peta-lobster-rescue-in-nebraska-kills-captive-creatures	"People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) ""rescued"" a number of lobsters headed to dinner plates before promptly killing them all by releasing them into lethal freshwater in Nebraska."	Did a PETA Lobster Rescue in Nebraska Kill Captive Creatures?
vclaim-sno-peta-taking-pets	PETA workers are stealing family pets and euthanizing them.	Is PETA Stealing and Killing Pets?
vclaim-sno-pete-hegseth-germs-not-real	"Pete Hegseth said ""Germs are not a real thing. I can't see them, therefore, they are not real."""	Did Fox News’ Pete Hegseth Say ‘Germs Are Not A Real Thing’?
vclaim-sno-peter-fonda-barron-trump	In June 2018, the actor Peter Fonda suggested in a tweet that Barron Trump should be kidnapped, as a protest against the president's immigration policy.	Did Peter Fonda Suggest That Barron Trump Should Be Kidnapped?
vclaim-sno-peter-griffin	A man in a photograph named Peter Griffin bears a strong resemblance to animated character of the same name.	Is This Man’s Name Really Peter Griffin?
vclaim-sno-peter-gun	A college student bursts into his dorm room naked to play a crude prank on his roommate, not realizing that his girlfriend and her parents are waiting inside the room.	Nude College Roommate
vclaim-sno-peter-strzok-grew-up-in-iran-cia-operative	"FBI agent Peter Strzok II grew up in Iran; had a father who engaged in clandestine activities overseas under the guise of doing charitable work; served as a ""Middle East intel operative"" in the Obama administration; and was a CIA agent ""placed"" in the FBI to help Hillary Clinton win the presidency."	Is Peter Strzok a CIA Operative Who Grew Up in Iran and Was ‘Placed’ in the FBI to Help Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-peter-strzok-tweet-trump-dictator-unhinged-madman	"Former FBI agent Peter Strzok issued a tweet calling President Trump a ""dictator,"" a ""Russian asset,"" and an ""unhinged madman."""	Did Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok Tweet That President Trump is a ‘Dictator,’ a ‘Russian Asset,’ and an ‘Unhinged Madman?’
vclaim-sno-petition-drive	Fifteen states have filed petitions to secede from the United States.	15 States Have Filed a Petition to Secede from the United States
vclaim-sno-petition-to-ban-religious-broadcasting	Atheists are petitioning the FCC to get religious broadcasting banned from American airwaves.	Petition to Ban Religious Broadcasting
vclaim-sno-petri-dishes-coughed-on-mask	A photograph shows one petri dish that was coughed on by a person not wearing a mask and another petri dish coughed on by the same person wearing a mask.	Are These Petri Dishes Coughed On With and Without a Mask?
vclaim-sno-pets-in-pet-food	Pet food includes the rendered remains of euthanized cats and dogs.	Does Pet Food Include Rendered Euthanized Pets?
vclaim-sno-peyton-manning-arrested-on-drug-charges	NFL quarterback Peyton Manning was arrested on drug charges.	Peyton Manning Arrested on Drug Charges?
vclaim-sno-pez-who	Betsy Ross is the only real person ever depicted on a PEZ candy dispenser.	Real People on PEZ Dispensers
vclaim-sno-pfizer-chief-scientist-vaccines	"Michael Yeadon, who wrote that ""there is absolutely no need for vaccines to extinguish the pandemic,"" was once Pfizer's chief scientific officer."	Did Pfizer’s Former ‘Chief Scientist’ Say There Was ‘No Need for Vaccines’?
vclaim-sno-pfizer-huge-bleeding-foot-sore	A participant in a clinical trial of the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine developed a painful skin reaction on her foot as a result of taking that vaccine.	Did a Clinical Trial Participant Develop ‘Huge Bleeding Sores’ From a COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-pfizer-vaccine-israel	"The Israeli Ministry of Health said that the COVID-19 vaccine developed by Pfizer has ""killed 40 times more elderly"" people than the virus itself."	No, the Israeli Health Ministry Didn’t Say the Pfizer Vaccine ‘Killed 40 Times More Elderly’ Than COVID-19
vclaim-sno-pg-venus-symbol-removed	"In 2019, trans activists or ""the transgender lobby"" forced Procter & Gamble to remove the Venus symbol from menstruation products."	Did Trans Activists ‘Force’ Procter & Gamble to Remove Female Symbol from Some Period Products?
vclaim-sno-pga-ban-trump-golf-course	After the U.S. Capitol riot in early January 2021, the Professional Golfers Association of America (PGA) instituted a lifetime ban on PGA events at Trump golf courses.	Did PGA of America Ban Trump Golf Courses for Life?
vclaim-sno-phallic-plant-photo	An image of a plant with phallic-looking structures is a genuine botanical specimen.	Is this Phallic-Looking Object a Real Plant?
vclaim-sno-phallus-purposely-added-artwork-little-mermaid-vhs-cover	"The cover of Disney's ""The Little Mermaid"" home video includes a phallus deliberately drawn by a disgruntled artist."	Was a Phallus Purposely Added to the Artwork for ‘The Little Mermaid’ VHS Cover?
vclaim-sno-pharmaceutical-companies-peanut-oil-vaccines	Peanut oil is secretly present in childhood vaccines and flu shots.	Are Pharmaceutical Companies Hiding the Presence of Peanut Oil in Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-pharrell-williams-trump-happy	"Lawyers for Pharrell Williams sent Donald Trump a ""cease and desist"" letter after the president played the song ""Happy"" before a speech on 27 October."	Did Pharrell Williams Send President Trump a ‘Cease and Desist’ Letter for Using His Song ‘Happy’?
vclaim-sno-philadelphia-fans-boo-santa-claus	Fans in Philadelphia once booed and threw snowballs at Santa Claus.	Did Philadelphia Eagles Fans Boo Santa Claus?
vclaim-sno-philadelphia-muslim-children	Video footage shows children at a Muslim school in Philadlephia singing a song whose lyrics contained violent imagery.	Did Children at a Philadelphia Muslim School Sing a Song With Violent Lyrics?
vclaim-sno-philadelphia-starbucks-arrest	A video shows two black men being arrested while waiting for a friend at a Starbucks.	Were Two Black Men Arrested for Waiting at a Starbucks?
vclaim-sno-philando-castile-crips-member	Philando Castile was a member of the Crips gang.	Philando Castile: Crips Gang Member?
vclaim-sno-philando-castile-was-not-wanted-for-armed-robbery	Philando Castile was wanted for armed robbery when he was killed by police officers.	Philando Castile Was Not ‘Wanted for Armed Robbery’
vclaim-sno-philanthropist-donate-kidneys	An anonymous philanthropist donated 200 human kidneys to a hospital.	Did an Anonymous Philanthropist Donate 200 Human Kidneys to Hospital?
vclaim-sno-phone-call	Photograph shows President Bush holding a telephone to his ear upside-down.	Phony Phone Call
vclaim-sno-phone-cases-acid-burns	Glittery phone cases are leaking some type of substance that causes chemical burns.	Do Glittery Phone Cases Cause Acid Burns?
vclaim-sno-phone-exploding-in-ceelo-greens-face	"Singer and former ""The Voice"" star CeeLo Green was injured in a mobile phone explosion captured on video."	Video Shows Phone Exploding in CeeLo Green’s Face?
vclaim-sno-phone-eye-cancer-photo	A photograph shows a man who was diagnosed with eye cancer due to using his cell phone at night.	Cell Phone Use at Night Causes Eye Cancer
vclaim-sno-phone-hiring-ad	A meme offers job line phone numbers for several major companies who are currently hiring.	Bogus ‘Now Hiring’ Meme Still Circulating on Social Media
vclaim-sno-phone-home-2	A passenger on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 hid his cell phone in his rectum and used it to post a picture to the Internet after the flight was hijacked and its passengers imprisoned.	Malaysia Flight 370 Photo Smuggled Onto Internet?
vclaim-sno-phone-home	The Obama administration created a program to provide free cell phones to welfare recipients.	ObamaPhones
vclaim-sno-phone-outage-covid19-tracking-apps	A cellular service outage on June 15, 2020, enabled Apple and Google to covertly install COVID-19 tracking apps onto phones.	Did a Phone Service Outage Enable COVID-19 Tracking Apps To Be Placed in Phones?
vclaim-sno-phoney-guns	Police have discovered guns disguised as cell phones.	Cell Phone Guns
vclaim-sno-phoney-voting	Voters can cast their ballots in the November 2012 general election by telephone.	Vote by Telephone
vclaim-sno-photo-bank	Video clip shows police ignoring a getaway car full of bank robbers.	Bank Robbery – World’s Dumbest Cops
vclaim-sno-photo-dolphin-hurricane-dorian	A photographer captured an image of a dolphin caught in strong winds from Hurricane Dorian in September 2019.	Did a Photograph Capture a Dolphin Stuck in Hurricane Dorian’s Winds?
vclaim-sno-photo-dual-gender-cardinal	A photograph captured in late February 2021 showed a half-male, half-female cardinal.	Does This Photo Show Half-Male, Half-Female Cardinal?
vclaim-sno-photo-finish-3	Woman who demands her photo back from her boyfriend receives a box of pictures with instructions to pick hers out and return the rest.	Pick Out Your Photo, Send Back the Rest
vclaim-sno-photo-finish-4	A woman was arrested for trespassing for taking pictures of an airport tourist attraction from a publicly accessible area.	Photo Finish
vclaim-sno-photo-hillary-clinton-manchester-bombers-father-abedi	A photograph shows Hillary Clinton shaking hands with Ramadan Abedi, the father of Manchester bomber Salman Abedi.	Did Hillary Clinton Meet With the Manchester Bomber’s Father?
vclaim-sno-photo-obama-nazi-salute	A photograph shows a crowd with their hands raised pledging allegiance to President Obama.	Photo Doesn’t Show Crowd Giving Obama the Nazi Salute
vclaim-sno-photo-of-earth-venus-jupiter-mars	A photograph taken from the surface of Mars shows Earth, Venus, and Jupiter.	Is This a Real Photo of Earth, Venus, and Jupiter Seen From Mars?
vclaim-sno-photo-of-zunzuncito-bird	A photograph shows a zunzuncito, the world's smallest bird.	Is This a Photo of a Zunzuncito, the World’s Smallest Bird?
vclaim-sno-photo-shoot	Video clip shows a	'Britain's Got Talent' Suicide
vclaim-sno-photo-utility-pole-snow	A photograph shows a man standing next to a utility pole that has been buried in 40 feet of snow.	Utility Pole Buried in Snow
vclaim-sno-photo-venezuela-new-york-hurricane	A photograph showing a woman walking down a nearly empty supermarket aisle was taken in Venezuela.	‘Scarcity’ Image of Woman in Shopping Aisle Not Taken in Venezuela
vclaim-sno-photo-women-screaming-vaginas-protest-president	"A photograph shows women who gathered to ""scream"" at President Donald Trump ""through their vaginas."""	Is This a Photograph of Women ‘Screaming Through Their Vaginas’ to Protest the President?
vclaim-sno-photograph-beyonce-jay-z-holding-twin-babies	A photograph shows Jay-Z and Beyonce holding their twin babies in June 2017.	Is This Beyonce and Jay-Z Holding Their Twin Babies?
vclaim-sno-photograph-bright-yellow-penguin	A king penguin with highlighter yellow-hued feathers was photographed on a remote beach on South Georgia island in February 2021.	Does a Viral Photo Show a Bright Yellow Penguin?
vclaim-sno-photograph-christians-burned-muslims	A photograph shows hundreds of Christians who were burned alive by Muslims in Nigeria.	Does This Photograph Show Nigerian Christians Burned Alive by Muslims?
vclaim-sno-photograph-cliff-hanger-isnt-quite-seems	A deceptive photograph shows a man perilously hanging by his feet from the edge of a high cliff.	Photograph of Cliff Hanger Isn’t Quite What It Seems
vclaim-sno-photograph-clinton-bush-wallace	A photograph shows Bill Clinton, George H.W. Bush, and George Wallace together at a table.	Does This Photograph Show Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and George Wallace?
vclaim-sno-photograph-incontinent-hillary-clinton	An image serves as photographic proof that Hillary Clinton is incontinent.	Photograph of ‘Incontinent’ Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-photograph-kayak-orcas	A photograph shows a kayak near a pod of orca whales.	Is this a Kayaker Paddling Through a Pod of Orca Whales?
vclaim-sno-photograph-obama-soros-laughing	A photograph shows President Barack Obama and George Soros laughing together.	Is This Barack Obama Laughing with George Soros?
vclaim-sno-photograph-rhino-saves-zebra	A photograph shows a rhinoceros saving a zebra foal.	Photograph Shows Rhinoceros Trying to Save Zebra Foal?
vclaim-sno-photograph-shows-100000-bikers-at-trump-rally	Image depicts 100,000 bikers in Washington, D.C. at a rally with Donald Trump.	Photograph Shows 100,000 Bikers at Rally with Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-photograph-shows-young-carrie-fisher-watching-debbie-reynolds-on-stage	A photograph shows a young Carrie Fisher watching her mother Debbie Reynolds perform onstage.	Photograph Shows Young Carrie Fisher Watching Debbie Reynolds Perform
vclaim-sno-photograph-trump-accuser	A viral photograph shows Donald Trump with E. Jean Carroll, who's accused him of past sexual assault, proving he was lying when he said he didn't know her.	Does a Photograph Prove Trump Knew Sexual Assault Accuser E. Jean Carroll?
vclaim-sno-photograph-trump-rally	A photograph of a large crowd shows a Trump rally in Orlando, Florida.	Does a Photograph Depict a Huge Crowd at Trump’s 2019 Orlando Rally?
vclaim-sno-photographer-said-franken-image-was-staged	"The photographer of the infamous Al Franken image said that the moment was staged, that Leeann Tweeden ""was playing dead,"" and that ""she wanted him to ‘revive’ her."""	Did Franken Photog Say Groping Image Was Staged?
vclaim-sno-photographs-of-eiffel-tower-at-night	It is illegal to take photographs of the Eiffel Tower at night without explicit permission.	Is it Illegal to Take Photographs of the Eiffel Tower at Night?
vclaim-sno-photographs-show-dozens-dead-dogs-kuwait	Photographs shows dozens of bomb-sniffing dogs killed by a security company in Kuwait.	Bomb-Sniffing Dogs Killed in Kuwait?
vclaim-sno-phyllis-schlafly-woman-president-over-my-dead-body	"Phyllis Schlafly once said, ""There will be a woman president over my dead body."""	Phyllis Schlafly Said, ‘There Will Be a Woman President Over My Dead Body’?
vclaim-sno-picfat-trump-golfing-real	A photograph shows an unusually heavy U.S. President Donald Trump as he golfs.	Is This Pic of ‘Fat’ Trump on a Golf Course Real?
vclaim-sno-pickled-frog	Photograph shows a frog in a jar of pickles.	Pickled Frog
vclaim-sno-picnic-origin	The word 'picnic' originated with crowds gathering to witness lynchings.	Did the Word ‘Picnic’ Originate with Lynchings?
vclaim-sno-pico-jackfruit-snake-bite-injury	A set of photographs shows the gruesome results of a pico jackfruit snake bite.	Did a Pico Jackfruit Snake Bite Cause a Gruesome Hand Injury?
vclaim-sno-picture-soldier-family-killed	A photo retweeted by President Donald Trump shows the widow of a veteran killed in the line of duty.	Is This Family Grieving a Soldier Killed in Action?
vclaim-sno-pierce-brosnan-net-worth	Pierce Brosnan's final net worth left his family in tears.	Did Pierce Brosnan’s Family Cry at His ‘Final Net Worth’?
vclaim-sno-pierce-crowley	A 15-year-old boy named Pierce Crowley is missing from his	Missing Child: Pierce Crowley
vclaim-sno-piers-mogan-ghosted-meghan-markle	"Talk show host Piers Morgan said that he was once ""ghosted"" by Meghan Markle."	Did Piers Morgan Say He Was ‘Ghosted’ by Meghan Markle?
vclaim-sno-piers-morgan-trump-letter	British media personality Piers Morgan penned a scathing open letter to U.S. President Donald Trump, marking the end of their years-long friendship.	Did Piers Morgan End His Friendship with Trump in an Open Letter?
vclaim-sno-pierson-obama-half-breed	Donald Trump's spokeswoman Katrina Pierson called President Obama the 'head negro in charge.'	Did a Trump Spokeswoman Say Obama Was ‘Head Negro’ and Not a ‘Pure Breed’?
vclaim-sno-pig-cage-photo	A photograph shows the living conditions of a group of pigs.	Does a Photograph Show Pigs Forced Into Tiny Cages?
vclaim-sno-pig-fish	Photograph shows a “pigfish” with distinctively porcine ears and snout.	Pig Fish
vclaim-sno-pig-in-a-poke	"A photograph shows boxes of Tyson ""[inverted] boneless pork rectums."""	Are These Boxes of ‘Boneless Pork Rectums’?
vclaim-sno-pigeon-chess	Vladimir Putin described negotiating with Barack Obama as being like “playing chess with a pigeon.”	Pigeon Chess
vclaim-sno-pigeon-salute-vladimir-putin	A video shows a pigeon 'saluting' Russian president Vladimir Putin.	Does This Video Show a Pigeon Saluting Vladimir Putin?
vclaim-sno-pigford-v-glickman	The	Pigford v. Glickman
vclaim-sno-piglet-disney-muslim-demand	Disney has removed  items featuring Piglet from their stores due to pressure from the Muslim community.	FALSE: Piglet Removed from Disney Stores
vclaim-sno-pigs-after-hurricane	Photographs show a group of pigs on a flooded farm after Hurricane Florence.	Are These Pictures of Pigs on a Farm Flooded by Hurricane Florence?
vclaim-sno-pigs-sweat-glands	Pigs don't sweat and are therefore more likely to harbor parasites or other toxins, making them unhealthy to eat.	Are Pigs Unhealthy to Eat Because They Don’t Sweat?
vclaim-sno-pile-bison-bones-photo	A photograph shows a man standing on top of a towering pile of bison skulls.	Photo: Man Standing on Large Pile of Bison Skulls
vclaim-sno-pill-in-grape	Photograph shows a pill found in a grape purchased at WalMart.	Pill in Grape
vclaim-sno-pilot-axe-cockpit	A commercial airline pilot who accidentally locked himself out of the cockpit had to hack down the door with a fire axe to regain entry.	Did a Pilot Use an Axe to Reenter the Cockpit?
vclaim-sno-pilot-cockpit-selfie	A photograph shows a pilot taking a selfie out of a plane window.	Does This Photograph Show a Pilot Taking a Selfie Out a Plane Window?
vclaim-sno-pilot-flying-j-flag-controversy	"Pilot Flying J is removing American flags from their truck stop flagpoles because the flags ""offend foreigners."""	Is Flying J Taking Down U.S. Flags Because They ‘Offend Foreigners’?
vclaim-sno-pilot-trace-syringe-sky	An image shows a German pilot's flight path in the shape of a syringe.	Did Pilot ‘Draw’ Syringe in Sky to Celebrate COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-pimms-logo-big-ben-joke	Pimm's signed a sponsorship deal to display its logo on Big Ben.	Pimm’s Signs Sponsorship Deal to Display Logo on Big Ben
vclaim-sno-pimple-ball	Four Paws withdrew a “pimple ball” dog toy from the market following reports of injuries to dogs.	Pimple Ball Dog Toy Warning
vclaim-sno-pin-the-molotov-cocktail-on-a-cop-car	"A photograph shows a child playing ""pin the Molotov cocktail on the cop car"" at an anarchist book fair."	Does This Photograph Show Children Playing ‘Pin the Molotov Cocktail on a Cop Car?’
vclaim-sno-pinched-cookies	The stranger sharing an old lady's table at a cafe keeps helping himself to what she thinks are her cookies.	The Stolen Biscuits
vclaim-sno-pine-sol-instead-of-apple-juice	Students at a school in Honolulu, Hawaii were accidentally given Pine-Sol fluid instead of apple juice.	Did a School Accidentally Give Students Pine-Sol Instead of Apple Juice?
vclaim-sno-pineapple-cough-syrup	A study has proved that pineapple juice is five times more effective than cough syrup.	Is Pineapple Juice Five Times More Effective Than Cough Syrup?
vclaim-sno-ping	PING provides wounded veterans with free lessons and golf clubs.	PING Aids Wounded Veterans
vclaim-sno-pink-dolphin	Photographs show a pinkish albino bottlenose dolphin.	Is This Pink Dolphin Real?
vclaim-sno-pink-glove-dance	Medline is donating money to breast cancer-related charities in conjunction with a “Pink Glove” promotion.	Pink Glove Dance
vclaim-sno-pink-lady	An artist secretly painted a 60-foot-high image of a naked woman above a tunnel in Malibu Canyon in 1966.	Pink Lady
vclaim-sno-pink-moon	A “full pink moon” will be visible on 15 April 2014.	Full Pink Moon on 15 April 2014?
vclaim-sno-pink-slip	The term ‘pink slip’ came about because companies used to dismiss employees by distributing notices printed on pink slips of paper.	Etymology of Pink Slip
vclaim-sno-pink-volcano	A video shows a pink volcano erupting in New Zealand.	Did a Pink Volcano Erupt in New Zealand?
vclaim-sno-pinkeye-symptom-covid-19	Pinkeye, or conjunctivitis, is a symptom of COVID-19.	Is Pinkeye a Symptom of COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-pinking-sheers	An Arizona sheriff dismissed prisoners' bellyaching about the heat by pointing out that soldiers serving in Iraq cope with similar conditions.	Sheriff Joe Arpaio
vclaim-sno-pinning-the-blame	President Obama had a Marine staff sergeant relieved for pointing out that his U.S. flag lapel pin was upside-down.	Flag Pin Dismissal
vclaim-sno-pins-and-needles	Pins, needles, and razor blades have been found in trick-or-treaters' loot.	Pins and Needles in Halloween Candy
vclaim-sno-pipe-dream	Video clip shows a music-playing “farm machine” built at the University of Iowa.	Fantastic Music Machine
vclaim-sno-pipeline-protest-photo	A photograph shows a young woman staring down a police officer during a pipeline protest in North Dakota.	Young Protester Stares Down Police
vclaim-sno-pirates-sing-song-sixpence	The nursery rhyme ‘Sing a Song of Sixpence’ originated as a coded message used to recruit crew members for pirate ships.	Pirates and Sing a Song of Sixpence
vclaim-sno-piscine-of-the-crime	A special compound added to the water in swimming pools will reveal the presence of urine and catch those who pee in the pool.	Does a Urine-Revealing Pool Chemical Exist?
vclaim-sno-pit-bull-euthanasia-bill	Pending California legislation mandates the extermination of pit bulls.	Pit Bull Euthanasia Bill
vclaim-sno-pitbull-super-bowl	"A ""Do Not Adopt a Pitbull"" ad will be airing during Super Bowl LII in February 2018."	Is a “Do Not Adopt a Pitbull” Ad Airing During the Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-pitched-battle	Students who throughout the semester have advanced the classroom clock by throwing erasers at it inspire their professor to do the same thing during their final exam.	Erasers Thrown at Clock
vclaim-sno-pittsburgh-synagogue-shooting-holocaust-survivor	A 97-year-old victim of an October 2018 synagogue shooting in Pittsburgh was a Holocaust survivor.	Was Pittsburgh Synagogue Shooting Victim Rose Mallinger a Holocaust Survivor?
vclaim-sno-pity-the-childless-couple	Article bemoans the plight of childless couples.	Pity the Childless Couple
vclaim-sno-pixie-skeleton-nc	A photograph shows a pixie skeleton discovered in North Carolina.	Was a Pixie Skeleton Discovered in the Rocky Mountains?
vclaim-sno-pizza-hut-facebook-scam	Pizza Hut is offering four free large pizzas and a $20 coupon to commemorate its 63rd anniversary.	No, Pizza Hut Isn’t Giving Away Free Anniversary Pizza
vclaim-sno-pizza-hut-free-pizza-anniversary-scam	Pizza Hut is giving three free pizzas away to Facebook users in honor of its 58th anniversary.	Pizza Hut 58th Anniversary Freebie Scam
vclaim-sno-pizza-hut-papa-johns-gm-strike	Pizza Hut and Papa John's are refusing to deliver pizzas to striking GM workers because the companies don't support the union.	Are Pizza Hut and Papa John’s Refusing to Deliver to Striking GM Workers?
vclaim-sno-pizza-is-good-for-you	"Pizza Hut advertised that ""pizza is good for you."""	Did Pizza Hut Say ‘Pizza is Good for You’?
vclaim-sno-pizza-man	New York mayor Michael Bloomberg was denied a second slice of pizza at an Italian eatery in Brooklyn.	Bloomberg Refused Second Slice of Pizza at Local Restaurant
vclaim-sno-pizza-vending-machine	You can now order pizza from pizza vending machines.	Pizza Vending Machines
vclaim-sno-pizzagate-conspiracy	The 'Podesta e-mails' revealed the existence of a secret society of pedophiles operating through a pizza place loosely connected to Clinton associate David Brock.	Is Comet Ping Pong Pizzeria Home to a Child Abuse Ring Led by Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-plague-repeat-century	A meme documents that plagues occur every 100 years.	Have Plagues Repeated Exactly Every 100 Years?
vclaim-sno-plan-launches-to-make-obama-addition-to-mount-rushmore	The likeness of President Obama will be added to Mount Rushmore.	Plan Launches to Make Obama Addition to Mount Rushmore
vclaim-sno-plandemic-mikovits-arrest	Researcher Judy Mikovits was arrested without a warrant and jailed without charges for making a controversial scientific discovery.	‘Plandemic’: Was Judy Mikovits Arrested Without a Warrant and Jailed Without Charges?
vclaim-sno-plane-crash-beach-commercial	A video shows a plan  a plane crash-landing on a beach.	Plane Crash-Lands on Beach
vclaim-sno-plane-crash-havana-photo	Images show the aftermath of a plane crash in Havana, Cuba, in May 2018.	Is This the Aftermath of a 2018 Plane Crash in Havana?
vclaim-sno-plane-crash-video-disappearing-from-the-internet	"A video showing an airplane losing altitude and then crashing in Pakistan is ""disappearing from the Internet."""	Plane Crash Video ‘Disappearing From the Internet’?
vclaim-sno-plane-fuel-tanker	"A video shows a ""failed terrorist attack"" in Algiers involving an airplane and a gasoline tanker truck."	Did a Plane Narrowly Avoid a Fuel Tanker During a Failed Terrorist Attempt?
vclaim-sno-plane-loses-wing	Video clip shows an airplane making a safe landing after losing a wing.	Does This Video Show a Plane Landing Safely After Losing a Wing?
vclaim-sno-plane-scary	Photograph shows an F/A-18 Hornet flying past a Detroit apartment building.	F/A-18 Hornet Fly-By
vclaim-sno-plane-toilet-cruise-ship	A Taiwanese airliner dumped human waste onto the top deck of a cruise ship.	Plane Accidentally Empties Toilet Tank Over Cruise Ship, 23 Injured?
vclaim-sno-planet-destroy-earth	"An astrophysicist warned that a ""newly discovered Planet X"" could wipe out all life on Earth as early as April 2016."	Newly Discovered Planet Could Destroy Earth Any Day Now
vclaim-sno-planet-fitness-locker-room-controversy	Planet Fitness issued a policy in April 2016 allowing men to use women's locker rooms and women to use men's locker rooms.	Planet Fitness Locker Room Controversy
vclaim-sno-planetary-alignment-over-giza	An alignment of three planets over the Pyramids at Giza occurred in December 2012, an event which takes place only once in 2,800 years.	Planetary Alignment Over Giza Pyramids
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-abortion-quotas	"Planned Parenthood enforces ""abortion quotas"" and rewards well-performing employees for promoting abortion services."	Does Planned Parenthood Enforce ‘Abortion Quotas’?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-disney-abortion	A Planned Parenthood affiliate published a tweet opining that there should be a Disney princess who had an abortion.	Did Planned Parenthood Say There Should Be a Disney Princess Who Had an Abortion?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-employee-charged-using-aborted-babies-halloween-props	A Planned Parenthood employee was arrested for using tissue from aborted fetuses as Halloween decorations.	Was a Planned Parenthood Employee Charged with Using Aborted Babies as Halloween Props?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-midterm-elections	Planned Parenthood is spending $30 million in taxpayer subsidies to influence the outcome of the 2018 midterm elections.	Did Planned Parenthood Donate $30 Million to Democrats to Influence the Midterm Elections?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-prenatal-care	A video investigation showed that Planned Parenthood lies about providing prenatal care.	Does Planned Parenthood Provide No Prenatal Care, Only Abortions?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood-satanists	Planned Parenthood and the Satanic Temple have worked together to oppose laws restricting abortion rights in Missouri.	Did Planned Parenthood ‘Team Up’ with Satanists to Promote Abortion Rights in Missouri?
vclaim-sno-planned-parenthood	Planned Parenthood health centers do not perform mammograms.	Does Planned Parenthood Perform Mammograms?
vclaim-sno-planted-evidence	Letter from jailed man results in his family’s receiving help with the plowing from the police.	Planted Evidence
vclaim-sno-plastic-layer-covering-romaine-lettuce	A viral video shows a woman peeling a layer of plastic off romaine lettuce leaves.	Does a ‘Plastic’ Layer Cover Romaine Lettuce?
vclaim-sno-plastic-rice-from-china	"Consumers should be aware of plastic rice from China that is difficult to discern from ""real rice."""	Plastic Rice from China
vclaim-sno-playgirl-trump-contest	"Playgirl magazine ran a ""Sleep with Donald Trump"" contest promotion in 1990."	Did Playgirl Run a ‘Sleep with Donald Trump’ Contest in 1990?
vclaim-sno-playground-bears	Photographs show four black bears cavorting on a backyard playset in Alaska.	Playground Bears
vclaim-sno-playgrounds-for-appeal	Photograph shows playground warning sign with more restrictive wording in Spanish than in English.	Milford Playground Sign
vclaim-sno-playing-christmas-music-federal-crime	President Trump signed legislation in 2017 forbidding the playing of Christmas music before Thanksgiving.	Is Playing Christmas Music Before Thanksgiving Now a Federal Crime?
vclaim-sno-playjoltz-smushgame-scam	PlayJoltz and SmushGame are legitimate, free video or gaming services.	Are ‘PlayJoltz’ or ‘SmushGame’ Legitimate Free Streaming Services?
vclaim-sno-pledge-of-allah-giance	A Colorado school changed the Pledge of Allegiance, replacing “one nation under God” with “one nation under Allah.”	Colorado School Changes Pledge of Allegiance to ‘One Nation Under Allah’
vclaim-sno-pledge-of-allegiance-ban	President Obama has issued an executive order banning the Pledge of Allegiance in U.S. schools.	Obama Signs Executive Order Banning the Pledge of Allegiance in Schools Nationwide
vclaim-sno-plu-codes	Numeric PLU codes used on produce stickers identify how food products were grown.	Do PLU Codes Document How Produce Is Grown?
vclaim-sno-pluck-yew	The 'middle finger salute' is derived from the defiant gestures of English archers whose fingers had been severed by the French at the Battle of Agincourt.	The History of the Middle Finger
vclaim-sno-plumber-snake-clog	A photograph shows a giant snake found by a plumber investigating a clogged pipe.	Did a Plumber Find a Giant Snake While Investigating a Clog?
vclaim-sno-plumbing-pudding	Sorority house plumbing was destroyed by the stomach acids of bulimic students.	Bulimic Students Destroy Plumbing?
vclaim-sno-pluto-officially-reclassified-planet	The International Astronomical Union (IAU) issued a press release stating that Pluto has been reclassified as a planet.	Has Pluto Been Officially Reclassified as a Planet?
vclaim-sno-pm-justin-trudeau-burning-flag	A photograph shows Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau posing with a burning Canadian flag.	Did  Justin Trudeau Pose with a Burning Canadian Flag?
vclaim-sno-pnb-rock-killed-buying-prada	Rapper PnB Rock was shot and killed in December 2019 while buying Prada shoes for his daughter.	PnB Rock Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-poached-eggs	Photographs show poachers collecting sea turtle eggs in Costa Rica.	Costa Rica Sea Turtle Egg Harvesting
vclaim-sno-podesta-emails-show-3-prominent-republicans-on-clinton-payroll	An e-mail published by WikiLeaks revealed that three prominent Republicans were on Hillary Clinton's payroll.	Podesta Emails Show 3 PROMINENT Republicans on Clinton Payroll
vclaim-sno-poes-saw	The U.S. government plans to make vaccinations mandatory for all adults.	US Government Rolls Out Mandatory Adult Vaccination and Tracking Program
vclaim-sno-poinsettia-poison-rumor	Poinsettia plants are poisonous to humans.	Are Poinsettia Plants Poisonous?
vclaim-sno-point-ocean-closest-human-astronaut	There is a point in the middle of the Pacific Ocean so far from land that it’s likely the closest humans to it are aboard the International Space Station.	Is There a Point in the Ocean Where the Closest Human Could Be an Astronaut?
vclaim-sno-poison-garden	A garden in the U.K. has been dedicated exclusively to plants that are deadly and can kill you.	Is the ‘Most Dangerous Garden in the World’ a Real Place?
vclaim-sno-poison-perfume-samples	Glen Eagles hospital issued an urgent warning because seven women have died after sniffing perfume samples received in the mail.	Have Women Been Killed by Poisoned Perfume Samples?
vclaim-sno-poison-pill-amendment	“Poison pill” amendment inserted into Health Care Bill by Senator Reid makes proposed bill unamendable if passed.	Poison Pill Amendment
vclaim-sno-pokemon-enthusiast-stabbed-turns-down-medical-treatment-to-keep-playing	A Pokémon GO player in Oregon was stabbed and turned down medical treatment so that he could keep playing.	Pokémon Enthusiast Stabbed, Turns Down Medical Treatment to Keep Playing
vclaim-sno-pokemon-episode-causes-epilepsy	An episode of the popular kid's TV show Pokemon caused over 600 young children in Japan to have epileptic attacks.	Did an Episode of ‘Pokemon’ Cause Children in Japan to have Epileptic Attacks?
vclaim-sno-pokemon-global-offensive	Pokemon Go stands for 'Pokemon Global Offensive,' and the app is being used by the Japanese military to map the U.S. for future bombing attacks.	Pokemon Global Offensive
vclaim-sno-pokemon-go-developer-niantic-to-develop-harry-potter-go	Pokémon Go developer Niantic is working on a Harry Potter version of the hugely popular augmented-reality game.	Pokémon Go Developer Niantic to Develop ‘Harry Potter Go’?
vclaim-sno-pokemon-go-dog-walking-program	A shelter rented dogs for embarrassed adult Pokemon Go players and raked in tons of cash before all their dogs were swiftly adopted.	Pokemon Go Program Clears Shelter of Dogs Awaiting Adoption
vclaim-sno-pokemon-go-fatal-crash-in-knoxville	A Knoxville man was killed in a fiery collision caused by a wrong-way driver playing Pokemon Go.	Pokemon Go Caused a Fatal Crash in Knoxville?
vclaim-sno-pokemon-go-uploads-your-data-to-google-maps	The Pokemon Go app is covertly passing information to Google Maps as well as the National Security Agency (NSA).	Pokemon Go Uploads Your Data to Google Maps
vclaim-sno-pokemon-in-pokemon-go-will-scream-if-within-a-mile-of-a-sex-offender	"""Pokémon"" in Pokémon GO will scream whenever a player is within one mile of a registered sex offender."	Will Pokémon in Pokémon GO Scream if Within a Mile of a Sex Offender?
vclaim-sno-pokemon-satanic-panic-sermon	"A Christian pastor said Pokemon taught children how to ""enter into the world of witchcraft."""	Did a Pastor Say Pokemon Was ‘Satanic Witchcraft’?
vclaim-sno-pokemon-satanist-anti-christian-inverview	The creator of Pokémon said in an interview that the game is anti-Christian, and was developed with Satanists in mind.	Pokémon Was Originally Designed for Satanists
vclaim-sno-poland-march-refugees	Massive anti-immigrant demonstrations in Poland were ignored by news media in Europe.	Were Anti-Immigrant Demonstrations in Poland Ignored by News Media?
vclaim-sno-poland-mosque-construction	Poland has refused to allow mosques to be constructed in that country until churches can be built in Saudi Arabia.	Has Poland Banned the Building of Mosques?
vclaim-sno-poland-stings	Smugglers are tricking innocent people at airports into transporting contraband in modified water bottles.	Airport Water Bottle Contraband Warning
vclaim-sno-polar-bear-public-transit	A photograph shows a polar bear exiting a bus in Russia.	Does This Photograph Show a Polar Bear Taking Public Transit in Russia?
vclaim-sno-polar-bears-extinct-by-2100	Research published in July 2020 suggested polar bears may be wiped out by the end of the 21st century.	Could Polar Bears Be Extinct by 2100?
vclaim-sno-polar-vortex-photos	Photographs show vehicles in Chicago encrusted with ice from severe cold weather.	Is This a ‘Polar Vortex’ in Chicago?
vclaim-sno-polar-where	The Michigan Department of Natural Resources has issued a warning about polar bears romaing that state from Canada.	Are Polar Bears Roaming Michigan?
vclaim-sno-pole-dancer-shovel	A child's drawing seemingly depicts mom as a pole dancer when in reality she was a Home Depot clerk trying to sell a shovel.	Child Draws Mom as ‘Shovel-Selling’ Pole Dancer
vclaim-sno-pole-position	States are installing ‘point-to-point’ cameras along highways that automatically track and ticket speeders based on the amount of time it takes them to travel between two checkpoints.	Point-to-Point Speeding Cameras on Highways
vclaim-sno-police-13-year-old-girl-beheaded-seeing-grandmother-die	"A 13-year-old girl was beheaded by an ""illegal immigrant"" in a crime ""suppressed"" by the mainstream news media."	Police: 13-Year-Old Girl Was Beheaded After Seeing Her Grandmother Die
vclaim-sno-police-arrest-jesus-campos	The hotel security guard wounded in the Las Vegas mass shooting has been arrested as an accomplice to that event.	Police Arrest Mandalay Security Guard Jesus Compos As Second Shooter in Las Vegas Massacre?
vclaim-sno-police-arresting-voters-with-outstanding-warrants	Voters with outstanding warrants or unpaid traffic fines face arrest by undercover officers at polling places.	Are Police Arresting Voters with Outstanding Warrants at Polling Places?
vclaim-sno-police-burn-standing-rock-camp	An image depicts burning tents at a Dakota Access Pipeline protest camp at Standing Rock.	Did Police Raid and Burn a Standing Rock Protest Camp?
vclaim-sno-police-calm-millennial-protesters-by-handing-out-participation-trophies	Police assuaged the feelings of millennials protesting Donald Trump's victory by distributing participation trophies.	Police Calm Millennial Protesters by Handing out ‘Participation Trophies’?
vclaim-sno-police-delaware-shoot-kill-man-wheelchair	Police in Wilmington, Delaware shot and killed a man who was in a wheelchair at the time of the encounter.	Did Police in Delaware Shoot and Kill a Man in a Wheelchair?
vclaim-sno-police-dragged-caravan-members	A photograph shows members of a migrant caravan dragging a police officer through the street.	Does This Photograph Show a Police Officer Being Dragged by Caravan Members?
vclaim-sno-police-find-11-bodies-in-clown-freezer	A clown was arrested after police found eleven human bodies stuffed in a freezer at his residence.	Man Dressed as Clown Arrested After Police Find 11 Bodies Stuffed in Freezers at His Home
vclaim-sno-police-flashbang-smoke-capitol	A photograph that showed smoke rising and a blast of light in front of the U.S. Capitol building was authentic.	Did Police Munitions Light Up the Capitol During Riots on Jan. 6, 2021?
vclaim-sno-police-going-to-pubs-and-banning-england-football-jerseys	Police in the UK are going to pubs and clubs to ban England jerseys because they're offensive to immigrants.	Police Going to Pubs and Banning England Football Jerseys
vclaim-sno-police-gun-driver-not-white	"A police officer told an African-American driver that weapons were drawn on him because ""you're not white."""	Did a Milwaukee Police Officer Say He Pointed His Gun at a Black Driver Because ‘You’re Not White’?
vclaim-sno-police-hold-hand-trump-riot	A video shows a law enforcement officer holding the hand of a woman and escorting her down stairs during a pro-Trump riot at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did Police Officer Hold Rioter’s Hand at US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-police-horse-kicks-blm-protester	A police horse kicked a Black Lives Matter protester.	Police Horse Kicks Black Lives Matter Protester
vclaim-sno-police-minnesota-trump-rally	Derek Chauvin, whom news reports identified as the cop who kneeled on the neck of George Floyd before he died, was honored for his service by U.S. President Donald Trump at a 2019 rally.	Did Trump Praise Then-Minneapolis Cop Derek Chauvin at Rally?
vclaim-sno-police-officer-trumps-america	"A photograph shows a heavily armored officer patrolling ""Trump's America."""	Does Image Show Police Officer in ‘Trump’s America’?
vclaim-sno-police-officers-firefighters-too-much-money	President Trump said police and firefighters make too much money in order to justify eliminating some of their tax deductions.	Did Donald Trump Say ‘Police Officers and Firefighters Make Too Much Money’?
vclaim-sno-police-pepper-spray-amputee	Police pepper-sprayed a double amputee and removed his prosthetic legs during a June 21, 2020, protest against police brutality in Columbus, Ohio.	Did Ohio Police Pepper-Spray an Amputee Protester?
vclaim-sno-police-pop-hoods	Image depicts police in Danville, Virginia, purposely obstructing dash cams by lifting the hoods of their vehicles.	Are Police Allowed to ‘Pop Hoods’ to Block Dash Cams?
vclaim-sno-police-radar-missile	A hand-held police radar unit successfully tracked a military aircraft on maneuvers, nearly causing the aircraft to fire a missile in response.	Did a Police Radar Gun Almost Cause a Missile Launch?
vclaim-sno-police-saxophone-machine-gun	A high school boy was shot by a police officer who mistook his saxophone for a gun.	Was a High School Teen Shot After Police Mistook a Saxophone for a Machine Gun?
vclaim-sno-police-shoot-coal-miner	Kentucky police shot a white coal miner after mistaking him for a black man.	Did Police Shoot a White Coal Miner, Thinking He Was Black?
vclaim-sno-police-shoot-department-store-mannequin-67-times-after-mistaking-it-for-gunman	Police opened fire on a store mannequin after it failed to follow their orders.	Police Shoot Department Store Mannequin 67 Times After Mistaking it for Gunman
vclaim-sno-police-sweden-no-longer-investigating-since-migrants	"Police in Sweden admitted they are ""no longer"" investigating rape since migrant arrivals."	Are Police in Sweden No Longer Investigating Rapes Since Migrants Arrived?
vclaim-sno-police-training-killings-usa-nordic	A meme accurately compares police training and police killings in the United States and three Nordic countries.	Police Training and Police Killings: USA vs. the Nordic Countries
vclaim-sno-police-union-cancels-trump-endorsement	The Fraternal Order of Police have retracted their endorsement of Donald Trump.	Police Union Cancels Trump Endorsement
vclaim-sno-police-vigilante-pedophile-serial-killer	"The Macomb County Police Department held a press conference about a potential ""vigilante"" serial killer after three pedophiles were murdered in one week."	Are Michigan Police Worried About a ‘Vigilante’ Serial Killer of Pedophiles?
vclaim-sno-police-weapons-supervisor-satire	A new bill will require police officers to call their supervisors before drawing their weapons.	Does a New Bill Require Police to Call Supervisor Before Drawing Weapons?
vclaim-sno-polish-first-lady-trump-handshake	At an event in Warsaw on 6 July 2017, Polish First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda refused to shake hands with Donald Trump.	Did Poland’s First Lady Refuse to Shake President Trump’s Hand?
vclaim-sno-polish-wwii-chairs	A photograph depicts chairs left in a Polish forest after a 1939 wedding was canceled due to the start of World War II.	Abandoned Polish Wedding Chairs
vclaim-sno-polished-off	An inattentive janitor caused several deaths in a hospital when he disconnected patients' life support systems to plug in a floor polisher.	Floor Polisher Hospital Deaths
vclaim-sno-political-party-abortion-rate	The abortion rate in the U.S. has declined more under Democratic administrations than Republican ones due to a difference in approach.	Which Party Is More Effective at Reducing Abortions?
vclaim-sno-politically-cowed	James Carville said that “the Democratic constituency is just like a herd of cows.”	James Carville Quote
vclaim-sno-politician-canadian-moslems	A Canadian politician said that 'Moslems' only sought leadership positions to make changes to laws that benefit the Muslim community.	Did a Politician Say ‘Canadians Have to Get Used to the Fact That We Moslems Are Now in Government?’
vclaim-sno-politicians-walls-around-homes	Photographs show walls around the homes of President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein and Maxine Waters.	Did These Politicians Build Walls Around Their Homes?
vclaim-sno-politics-soapbox-black-dilemma	"An editorial entitled ""The Black Dilemma"" was published in the Baltimore Sun newspaper."	Did Baltimore Sun Publish ‘The Black Dilemma’?
vclaim-sno-politiqs	A new Harvard study has shown that liberals have a lower average IQ than conservatives.	New Study Shows Liberals Have a Lower Average IQ Than Conservatives
vclaim-sno-poll-patrol	The Miami-Dade County Elections Department has implemented a policy to close the bathrooms at all polling facilities.	Restrooms Closed at Florida Polling Places?
vclaim-sno-poll-watchers-2020-election	Large numbers of poll watchers were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many key battleground states in the 2020 U.S. presidential election.	Were Poll Watchers ‘Thrown Out’ of Vote Counting Rooms?
vclaim-sno-poll-workers-ballots-invalidated	Poll workers in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, were trained to mark ballots in order to invalidate them.	Can Poll Workers Invalidate Ballots by Writing on Them?
vclaim-sno-pollen-cloud-tree	A video shows a large cloud of pollen falling from a toppled tree.	Is This a ‘Pollen Cloud’ Falling from a Tree?
vclaim-sno-polo-blow-2	A commercial produced by Volkswagen employs suicide bomber imagery.	Volkswagen Polo ‘Terrorist’ Commercial
vclaim-sno-poltergeist-curse	"The Poltergeist film series is ""cursed"" and has seen several strange deaths occur among its cast members."	Is the ‘Poltergeist’ Curse Real?
vclaim-sno-pomeranians-in-paradise	Pope Francis told a boy grieving the loss of a pet dog that animals go to heaven.	Pope Francis Says Animals Go to Heaven?
vclaim-sno-pompeii-man-ruins	A photograph shows the remains of a man who died while masturbating in Pompeii in 79 A.D.	Was a ‘Masturbating Man’ Found in the Ruins of Pompeii?
vclaim-sno-pompeo-cia-quote-on-rt	"U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo stated on the Russian state television network RT that the CIA ""lied, cheated, stole."""	Did Mike Pompeo Say on Russian State TV that the CIA ‘Lied, Cheated, Stole’?
vclaim-sno-pompeo-fight-battles-rapture	"Did Mike Pompeo declare, ""We will continue to fight these battles. It is a never-ending struggle ... until the Rapture."""	Did Mike Pompeo Say ‘We Will Continue to Fight These Battles Until the Rapture’?
vclaim-sno-poop-diving-job-australia	In Australia, some people have to conduct repairs on machines used to help decompose sewage by diving into poop and other kinds of refuse.	Is ‘Poop Diving’ a Real Job in Australia?
vclaim-sno-poopy-pants	A young man on a date messes his pants, buys new pants, throws old pants away, then discovers his shopping bag contains a sweater instead of pants.	Poopy Pants
vclaim-sno-poor-falcor	Images show a dragon with fluffy white rabbit fur that was shot dead in Malaysia.	Dragon Shot Dead in Malaysia?
vclaim-sno-poor-relations-2	Mitt Romney said he “can relate to black people” because his ancestors once owned slaves.	Mitt Romney: I Can Relate to Black People
vclaim-sno-poor-relations-3	Rep. Trent Franks said Pope Francis does not understand scripture, which he claimed does not obligate Christians to help the poor.	Trent Franks on Pope Francis and Poverty
vclaim-sno-poorly-executed	A Hobby Lobby store manager executed a gay employee by stoning.	Hobby Lobby Manager Stones Gay Employee To Death
vclaim-sno-pop-rocks-soda	Little Mikey of LIFE cereal fame died from the explosive effects of mixing Pop Rocks candy with soda pop.	Did Pop Rocks and Soda Kill ‘Little Mikey’?
vclaim-sno-popcorn-carnival	"A WhatsApp video called ""Carnaval de las palomitas"" or ""Popcorn Carnival"" is hacking users' phones."	‘Popcorn Carnival’ WhatsApp Hoax
vclaim-sno-popcorn-pickle-battery	A video shows popcorn being popped via the use of a pickle, a AA battery, and an iPhone charger cord.	Can You Pop Popcorn with a Pickle and a AA Battery?
vclaim-sno-popcorn-pop-with-blowtorch	A video shows a piece of popcorn being cooked by a blowtorch and levitated by a hairdryer before consumption.	Was This Popcorn Popped With a Blowtorch and a Hairdryer?
vclaim-sno-popcorn-radiation-tester	Popcorn is a cheap but effective radiation tester.	Popcorn Radiation Tester
vclaim-sno-pope-benedict-resignation	Pope Benedict XVI resigned in order to avoid arrest.	Pope Benedict Resignation
vclaim-sno-pope-changing-commandments	Pope Francis announced during a sermon that God had instructed him to revise the Ten Commandments.	Did Pope Francis Say ‘God Has Instructed Me to Revise the Ten Commandments’?
vclaim-sno-pope-forbids-catholics-from-voting-for-hillary-clinton	Pope Francis decreed that Catholics cannot vote for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.	Did the Pope Forbid Catholics from Voting for Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-abuse-great-accuser	In September 2018, Pope Francis said, in effect, that exposing pedophile priests is Satan's work.	Did Pope Francis Say ‘Exposing Pedophile Priests Is Satan’s Work’?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-bad-catholics	Pope Francis said that it was 'better to be an atheist than a bad Catholic.'	Did Pope Francis Say It Was Better to Be an Atheist Than a Bad Catholic?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-belief-in-god	Pope Francis said it's not necessary for one to believe in God in order to be a good person.	Did Pope Francis Say It’s Not Necessary to Believe in God?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-child-trafficking	On Jan. 10, 2021, Italian police arrested and detained Pope Francis, on charges including possession of child pornography and human trafficking.	Was Pope Francis Arrested on Charges of Child Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-condemn-trump-travel-ban	Pope Francis condemned Donald Trump for issuing a temporary travel ban in January 2017.	Did Pope Francis Condemn President Trump for Issuing a Travel Ban?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-coronavirus	In February 2020 the Vatican said that Pope Francis and two aides had tested positive for COVID-19, a disease caused by a new coronavirus.	Did the Vatican Confirm Pope Francis Had Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-donald-trump-endorsement	Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump for president.	Pope Francis Shocks World, Endorses Donald Trump for President
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-endorses-bernie-sanders	Pope Francis has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President.	Pope Francis Endorses Bernie Sanders for President
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-girl-sit-mass	Pope Francis allowed a little girl with Down Syndrome to sit with him as he gave a homily.	Did Pope Francis Allow a Little Girl to Sit with Him During a Homily?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-gun-owners	"In May 2018, Pope Francis said people who own guns were ""hypocrites"" and could no longer call themselves Christians."	Did Pope Francis Say Gun Owners ‘Can’t Call Themselves Christians Anymore’?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-has-lost-all-faith-in-american-christians	After Donald Trump was elected president, Pope Francis said he had lost all faith in American Christians.	Pope Francis Has Lost All Faith in American Christians?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-kiss-ring	A video shows Pope Francis withdrawing his hand as a line of people attempted to kiss his papal ring.	Did Pope Francis Prevent People from Kissing His Ring?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-kisses-david-rockefellers-hand	A photograph shows Pope Francis kissing the hand of David Rockefeller, Henry Kissinger, or one of many other people targeted by conspiracy theorists as being part of a vast global conspiracy.	Pope Francis Kisses David Rockefeller’s Hand?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-like-a-racy-photo	"The Instagram account for Pope Francis ""liked"" a racy image of a Brazilian model."	Did Pope Francis’ Instagram Account ‘Like’ a Racy Photo?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-married-priests	In November 2017, Pope Francis called for the right to marry for Catholic priests.	Did Pope Francis ‘Request’ Marriage Rights for Catholic Priests?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-merengue	A video shows Pope Francis dancing merengue.	Is This Pope Francis Dancing Merengue?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-muslim-breed	"Pope Francis declared that ""white women"" must ""breed with Muslims."""	Did Pope Francis Order White Women to ‘Breed’ with Muslims?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-pedophile-priests	"Pope Francis forgave 4,444 ""pedophile priests"" in Australia and participated in a coverup of their crimes."	Did Pope Francis Forgive 4,444 Pedophile Priests in Australia?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-shares-instagram-selfie	Pope Francis uploaded a selfie to the Vatican's Instagram account.	FALSE: Pope Francis Shares Instagram Selfie
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-shocks-world-endorses-hillary-clinton-for-president	Pope Francis has endorsed Hillary Clinton for President.	Pope Francis Shocks World, Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-trump-hand-slap	A video shows Pope Francis slapping away President Trump's hand.	Did Pope Francis Slap Away President Trump’s Hand?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-trump-king-herod	Pope Francis compared U.S. President Donald Trump to King Herod.	Did Pope Francis Compare President Trump to King Herod?
vclaim-sno-pope-francis-trump-obama-smile	An image accurately compares Pope Francis' mood during a visit with President Obama and another visit with President Trump.	Pope Francis Smiled with President Obama, Frowned with President Trump?
vclaim-sno-pope-magic-trick	Pope Francis was filmed performing a tablecloth trick during his visit to the United States in 2015.	Did Pope Francis Perform the Tablecloth Trick?
vclaim-sno-pope-sin-declaration	Pope Francis has declared that fornication is no longer a sin.	Did the Pope Declare Fornication Is No Longer a Sin?
vclaim-sno-popeyes-chicken-rat-head	A customer found a deep-fried rat head in a Popeyes Chicken meal in Harlem.	Customer Reports Finding Rat Head in Popeyes Chicken
vclaim-sno-popeyes-manager-chicken-cocaine	A Popeye's manager in Brunswick, Georgia was caught lacing chicken with cocaine to drive business.	Popeyes Manager Arrested for Dipping Chicken in Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-poplar-fluff-burning-spain	A video shows the fluff of poplar trees burning across a field in Spain.	Is This Poplar Fluff Burning in Spain?
vclaim-sno-poppy-sale-ban	"The Royal British Legion won't be selling Remembrance Day poppies in ""certain areas"" this year because they offend some minorities."	Did the Royal British Legion Stop Selling Poppies to Avoid Offending Minorities?
vclaim-sno-poppy-seeds-alter-drug-test-results	The consumption of poppy seeds used on bagels and muffins can produce positive results on drug screening tests.	Do Poppy Seeds Alter Drug Test Results?
vclaim-sno-popular-vote-totals-rigged	"President Trump's losing the election despite receiving millions more votes in 2020 than in 2016 is indicative of a ""rigged election."""	Debunking Trump Tweets: Popular Vote Totals Indicative of ‘Rigged Election’?
vclaim-sno-porcine-of-the-crime	The FBI raided and dismantled a pig brothel in Missouri.	Missouri Pig Brothel Dismantled During FBI Raid
vclaim-sno-porcupine-selfie	A photograph shows the painful aftermath of a porcupine selfie.	Is This ‘Porcupine Selfie’ Image Real?
vclaim-sno-pork-and-screens	At the farewell party thrown after the filming of the final episode Green Acres, the cast and crew barbequed and ate the porcine actor who played Arnold Ziffel.	Did the Cast of ‘Green Acres’ Eat the Pig That Played Arnold Ziffel?
vclaim-sno-pork-chopped	Photograph shows a package of NTUC FairPrice pork labeled as “halal.”	Halal Pork?
vclaim-sno-porn-filled-easter-eggs-florida	Residents of Florida's Flagler County found Easter eggs containing unsolicited porn inside their mailboxes.	Did Florida Residents Really Find Porn-Filled Easter Eggs in Mailboxes?
vclaim-sno-pornhub-logo-cnn	A video shows that a banner for the website Pornhub.com was accidentally displayed on CNN's election board.	Was a Pornhub Logo Accidentally Displayed on CNN?
vclaim-sno-porsche-remorse	Porsche dealer offers “buy one, get one free” promotion.	Porsche ‘Buy One, Get One Free’ Offer
vclaim-sno-portland-ban-urinals-buildings	In 2019, city officials in Portland, Oregon, announced or implemented a prohibition on urinals in public buildings in the city.	Did Portland, Oregon, ‘Ban Urinals in Public Buildings’?
vclaim-sno-portland-furries-dog-parks	The Portland City Council voted to allow 'Furries' to use dog parks in the same way that dogs do.	Did Furries Win the Right to Use Dog Parks Like Real Dogs in Portland?
vclaim-sno-portland-gallery-trump-knife	A Portland at gallery displayed an artwork that depicted President Trump's throat being slit with a knife.	Did a Portland Art Gallery Display an Artwork Depicting President Trump’s Throat Being Slit?
vclaim-sno-portland-protesters-burn-bibles	Protesters In Portland, Oregon, burned American flags and Bibles during anti-racism protests in the summer of 2020.	Did Portland Protesters Burn Bibles and American Flags?
vclaim-sno-portland-sheriff-endorse-trump	"The ""sheriff of Portland"" on Sept. 29, 2020, stated, ""I support President Trump."""	Did ‘Portland Sheriff’ Endorse Trump?
vclaim-sno-portugal-net-neutrality	Portugal doesn't have net neutrality regulations, and is an example of what happens without such laws; for example, a Portuguese telecommunications company, MEO, is parceling out access to specific broadband apps and content on a fee-for-service basis.	Is Portugal an Example of What Happens Without Net Neutrality?
vclaim-sno-portuguese-nurse-dies-vaccine	A Portuguese nurse named Sonia Azevedo died from adverse side effects from the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine.	Did a Portuguese Nurse Die Two Days After COVID-19 Vaccination?
vclaim-sno-posh-and-circumstance	A U.S. serviceman in uniform was refused service at the Posh Bagel in Davis, California.	Posh Bagel Serviceman Refusal
vclaim-sno-posh	The word 'posh' entered the English language as a shortening of the phrase 'Port Out, Starboard Home.'	Is the Word ‘Posh’ a Shortening of ‘Port Out, Starboard Home?’
vclaim-sno-possible-high-secondhand-marijuana	Exposure to secondhand marijuana smoke will get you high and potentially show up in a drug test.	Is It Possible to Get High from Secondhand Marijuana Smoke?
vclaim-sno-possum-eating-spider	A photograph shows a huntsman spider eating a pygmy possum.	Is This a ‘Possum-Eating’ Spider?
vclaim-sno-post-no-bills	A properly folded U.S. $20 bill reveals images of the September 11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.	$20 Bill Folding
vclaim-sno-postal-worker-caught-destroying-absentee-trump-ballots-in-major-swing-state	A postal worker was caught destroying absentee ballots with Trump votes in the swing state of Ohio.	Postal Worker Caught Destroying Absentee Trump Ballots in Major Swing State
vclaim-sno-posthumous-roses	Jack Benny arranged to have a single red rose sent to his wife every day after he was gone.	Jack Benny — Posthumous Roses
vclaim-sno-postman-fathered-1300-children	A DNA test proved that a retired postman fathered more than 1300 illegitimate children.	Did a Retired Postman Father Over 1,300 Illegitimate Children?
vclaim-sno-posture-pins-chinese-officers	A photograph shows a pin in the collar of a Chinese officer's uniform, a training method to correct posture.	Are Pins Placed in the Collars of Chinese Officers to Correct Posture?
vclaim-sno-pot-leaf-on-1800s-drug-store	A photograph shows a marijuana leaf sign above a drug store in the 1800s.	Is This an 1800s-Era Drug Store with a Marijuana Leaf Sign?
vclaim-sno-pot-poll	President Obama will legalize marijuana if one million people call a designated phone number.	Poll to Legalize Marijuana
vclaim-sno-pot-potholes-portland	An image shows marijuana plants growing in potholes in Portland, Oregon.	Was Pot Planted in Potholes in Portland?
vclaim-sno-pot-resolution	Texas is about to legalize marijuana for medicinal and recreational use.	Texas to Permit Medicinal and Recreational Marijuana Use
vclaim-sno-potato-bug-killer	Some of our grandparents were left both poorer and wiser by a humorous mail-order scam of the 1930s.	Potato Bug Killer
vclaim-sno-potato-butter-diet	"A person can ""survive"" living on a diet of nothing but potatoes and butter."	Can a Person Live Off of a Diet of Potatoes and Butter?
vclaim-sno-potato-chips	Potato chips resulted from a cook’s moment of pique.	Potato Chip Origin
vclaim-sno-potted-snakes	Photographs show baby copperhead snakes discovered in a potted plant.	Were Baby Copperhead Snakes Discovered in a Potted Plant?
vclaim-sno-potters-field	A man committed suicide after inadvertently learning a plot point from a not-yet-released Harry Potter book.	Man Commits Suicide After Learning Harry Potter Spoiler?
vclaim-sno-potus-at-arlington-on-memorial-day	Barack Obama was the only U.S. president not to lay a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery on Memorial Day.	Did President Obama Decline to Lay Wreaths on Memorial Day?
vclaim-sno-potus-greeting-card-100-birthday	The U.S. president will send a “letter of congratulations” or birthday greeting card to Americans who turn 100 years old.	Does the POTUS Send People a Greeting Card on Their 100th Birthday?
vclaim-sno-pour-salt-down-your-drain	Licensed plumbers advise pouring salt down the drain at night.	Do Plumbers Advise to ‘Pour Salt Down Your Drain at Night’?
vclaim-sno-pouring-dish-soap	Pouring dish soap down a toilet, bath tub, or kitchen sink can clear clogged plumbing.	Does Pouring Dish Soap in a Toilet and Tub Remove Clogs?
vclaim-sno-power-grid-executive-order	U.S. President Joe Biden signed an executive order giving China access to or control over the U.S. power grid system, causing the Texas power outage of February 2021.	No, Biden Didn’t Give China Control Over the US Power Grid
vclaim-sno-power-gridlock	Medical waste that included human tissue was shipped from British Columbia to be incinerated at a power plant in Oregon.	Aborted Babies Incinerated in Oregon Waste-to-Energy Facility
vclaim-sno-power-lifting	Photograph shows a weightlifter who suffered a prolapsed rectum during a powerlifting match.	Is this Weightlifter with a Prolapsed Rectum Real?
vclaim-sno-power-outages-la-sf-nyc	Three power outages that coincided in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York were caused by Russian hacking.	Were Power Outages in Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York Caused by Cyberattacks?
vclaim-sno-powerball-lottery-not-cancelled	A $1.5 billion powerball lottery drawing scheduled for 13 January 2016 has been cancelled.	FALSE: The Lottery Has Been Cancelled
vclaim-sno-powerball-lottery-winners-identity	The three winners of the $1.6 Powerball lottery have identified themselves on social media.	The Lying Game
vclaim-sno-powerball-wealth-sharing-meme	If a $1.3 billion dollar Powerball jackpot were shared with every American, we'd all get $4 million each.	Powerball Wealth Sharing Meme
vclaim-sno-powerball-winner-overdose	One of the winners who shared the $1.5 billion Powerball jackpot succumbed within days to a cocaine overdose.	FALSE: Winner of 1.5B Powerball Jackpot Dies of Cocaine Overdose
vclaim-sno-powergen	UK power company chooses an unfortunate domain name for the web site of their Italian division.'	Did a UK Power Company Choose an Unfortunate Domain Name for Their Italian Division?
vclaim-sno-powmia-racist	Democrats are trying to ban the POW/MIA flag because it is racist.	Do Democrats Want to Ban the POW/MIA Flag Because It Is ‘Racist’?
vclaim-sno-pp-abortion-harvest-brain	A video documents that Planned Parenthood harvested the brain from a living, late-term aborted fetus.	Did Planned Parenthood Harvest the Brain from a Living, Late-Term Fetus?
vclaim-sno-pp-baby-parts-sale	A video shows Dr. Deborah Nucatola admitting that Planned Parenthood engages in the illegal sale of tissue from aborted fetuses.	Does This Video Prove Planned Parenthood Sells Fetal Tissue Illegally?
vclaim-sno-ppa-advisory-alert	Drug products containing PPA (phenylpropanolamine) were pulled from the market due to FDA concerns over a possible connection to strokes.	PPA Advisory Alert
vclaim-sno-practice-and-theory	A classic Yogiism uttered by baseball baseball Hall of Famer Yogi Berra explains the difference between practice and theory.	Did Yogi Berra Eloquently Explain the Difference Between Practice and Theory?
vclaim-sno-prada-store-blackface-imagery	Prada removed a display from their store in the Soho neighborhood of New York City after a complaint regarding monkey-like figurines spread widely online.	Did a Prada Store Remove Products Resembling ‘Blackface Imagery’?
vclaim-sno-pravda	Text reproduces a	American Capitalism Gone with a Whimper
vclaim-sno-prawn-shopped	Vitamin C users who eat shrimp risk death from arsenic poisoning.	Shrimp, Vitamin C and Arsenic
vclaim-sno-pray-bow-golden-trump-statue	Pictures shows evangelical leaders praying for and a man bowing to a gold-colored statue of former U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did CPAC Attendees Pray and Bow to a Golden Trump Statue?
vclaim-sno-prayer-for-our-nation	"Text reproduces a ""Prayer for Our Nation"" delivered by the Rev. Billy Graham."	Billy Graham’s ‘Prayer for Our Nation’
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-child-shot-nail-gun	Prayers are requested for a 22-month-old boy who accidentally shot himself with a nail gun.	Prayer Request: Child Shot by Nail Gun
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-for-alanna	Prayers are requested for Alanna, a 7-month-old Michigan girl who was badly burned in a bathtub.	Prayer Request for Alanna
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-jimmy-coynes-grandson-walkout-attack	"""Jimmy Coyne's grandson"" was assaulted for refusing to take part in March 2018 walkouts to protest lawmaker inaction over school shootings."	Prayer Request for Jimmy Coyne’s Grandson After Walkout-Related Attack?
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-jordon-mills	Prayers requested for Jordon Mills, who has Crohn’s Disease and is in Intensive Care.	Prayer Request: Jordon Mills
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-kinith-massey	Facebook user Joshua Sherwood’s three-year-old nephew Kinith Massey was gravely injured in a car crash involving a drunk driver.	Prayer Request: Kinith Massey
vclaim-sno-prayer-request-seals-helicopter	Social media post requests prayers for the families of 30 U.S. military personnel killed when their helicopter was shot down in Afghanistan.	Prayer Request for 30 SEALs Killed in Afghanistan
vclaim-sno-prayers-for-dakota	A young boy named Dakota was air lifted to the hospital after having a seizure.	Prayers for Dakota
vclaim-sno-prayforchristopher	Prayers are needed for Christopher Hamrick, who was injured in a car accident in 2012.	Christopher Hamrick Prayer Chain
vclaim-sno-praying-mantis-attacking-hummingbird	A photograph shows a praying mantis after it killed a hummingbird.	Does This Photograph Show a Praying Mantis Attacking a Hummingbird?
vclaim-sno-praying-mantis-christmas-trees	Praying mantis eggs are commonly found on Christmas trees.	Are Praying Mantis Eggs Commonly Found on Christmas Trees?
vclaim-sno-precious-medals	U.S. Olympic medal winners have to pay taxes of up to $9,000 for each gold medal they earn.	U.S. Gold Medal Winners Pay Thousands in Taxes?
vclaim-sno-predictions-for-the-obama-presidency	Editorial by Kit Lange offers predictions for the upcoming Obama presidency.	My Predictions for the Obama ‘Presidency’
vclaim-sno-pregnancies-protest-south-korea	About 125 women took Mifepristone to terminate their pregnancies during a protest demanding the legalization of abortion in South Korea.	Did 125 Women Terminate Their Pregnancies During a Protest in South Korea?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-civil-war-bullet	A woman became pregnant from being struck by a bullet that had passed through the scrotum of a Civil War soldier.	Did a Woman Become Pregnant from a Civil War Bullet?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-from-3d-film	A woman claimed she became pregnant from viewing a 3D porn film.	Did a Woman Claim That Watching a 3D Porn Film Made Her Pregnant?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-pause-2	A newspaper photograph shows a pregnant, cigarette-smoking woman worrying about the effect of construction noise on her unborn child.	Pregnant Smoker Complains About Construction Noise?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-pause-3	The White House has announced that First Lady Michelle Obama is pregnant.	Michelle Obama Is Pregnant?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-woman-muslim-refugee	A heavily pregnant woman was beaten by a Muslim refugee in Oklahoma.	Was a Pregnant Woman Beaten by a ‘Muslim Refugee’ in Oklahoma?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-woman-rape-michigan-refugee	Photographs show a pregnant woman named Paola Lynn who was raped by a Muslim refugee in Michigan.	Was a Pregnant Woman Raped by a Muslim Refugee in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-pregnant-women-covid-19-vaccine	In January 2021, the World Health Organization warned that pregnant women should avoid the COVID-19 vaccine.	Should Pregnant Women Avoid COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-preheat-oven-required	Allowing an oven to warm up to a specific temperature — or preheat — is a necessary step for any recipes that call for it.	Is Preheating the Oven Really Necessary?
vclaim-sno-prepare-for-war-wisconsin	"A Republican group in Wisconsin refused to remove an online message urging supporters to ""prepare for war"" despite the U.S. Capitol insurrection on Jan. 6, 2021."	Does Website for Wisconsin Republicans Say ‘Prepare for War’?
vclaim-sno-prescott-college-mandatory-immigrant-fee	Arizona's Prescott College is forcing students to pay a $30 fee for an undocumented immigrant scholarship fund.	Prescott College Mandatory ‘Immigrant Fee’
vclaim-sno-prescription-for-elvis-presley	A photograph shows a prescription for several stimulants, sedatives, and narcotic painkillers issued to singer Elvis Presley the day before he died.	Is This a Prescription Written for Elvis One Day Before He Died?
vclaim-sno-present-tense	Students who are greeted by the sight of a tape recorder spewing out the day’s lecture retaliate by placing cassette recorders on their desks, setting them to record, and leaving.	Students Record Lecture
vclaim-sno-president-barack-obama-congratulate-putin-2012-win	President Obama congratulated Vladimir Putin for Russia's election results in 2012, a diplomatic move for which President Trump was criticized in 2018.	Did President Barack Obama Congratulate Putin on His 2012 Win?
vclaim-sno-president-biden-flags-removed-oval	U.S. President Joe Biden removed military flags from the Oval Office that had been displayed by the previous administration.	Did President Biden Remove Military Flags From the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-president-donald-trump-exempt-daughters-clothing-line-china-tariffs	President Trump exempted Ivanka Trump's clothing line from tariffs on Chinese imports.	Did President Trump Exempt His Daughter’s Clothing Line from China Tariffs?
vclaim-sno-president-donald-trump-tweet-mothers-day-fathers	"President Trump tweeted that there should be a Mother's Day for fathers, but ""the liberal media won't let that happen."""	Did President Donald Trump Tweet That There Should Be a Mother’s Day for Fathers?
vclaim-sno-president-executive-order-colds-er	President Trump signed an Executive Order prohibiting ER visits for patients complaining solely of a cold.	Did the President Sign an Order Prohibiting Emergency Room Visits for Colds?
vclaim-sno-president-finland-wh-video	Finnish President Sauli Niinistö posted a video after his White House visit saying that he'd rather hang around reindeer than Donald Trump.	Did the President of Finland Post a Video Response to His White House Visit?
vclaim-sno-president-for-a-day	David Rice Atchison served as President of the United States for a single day in 1849.	Was David Rice Atchison the U.S. President for One Day?
vclaim-sno-president-gore-headline	"Images show copies of the Washington Times reading ""President Gore"" after the 2000 election."	Was a ‘President Gore’ Headline Published by Washington Times in 2000?
vclaim-sno-president-host-nra-anniversary-sandy-hook	President Donald Trump hosted the National Rifle Association at the White House on the anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre.	Did President Donald Trump Host the NRA on the Anniversary of the Sandy Hook Massacre?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-69-alaska	A photograph shows President Obama posing next to a 69 or 420 mile marker.	Did  President Obama Pose Next to a Mile 69 or 420 Marker?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-assault-weapon-ban	President Obama has signed an executive order banning the sale of assault weapons.	President Obama Signs Executive Order Banning the Sale of Assault Weapons
vclaim-sno-president-obama-ban-muslims-2011	President Obama banned immigration from Iraq for six months in 2011, but the media buried the story.	Did President Obama Ban Muslims from Entering the United States in 2011?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-bans-the-words-negro-and-oriental	"President Obama made the words ""negro"" and ""oriental"" illegal."	President Obama Bans the Words ‘Negro’ and ‘Oriental’
vclaim-sno-president-obama-bow-ayatollah-khamenei	A photograph shows President Barack Obama bowing to Iran's supreme leader Ali Khamenei.	Did President Obama Bow to Ayatollah Khamenei?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-is-banning-the-dont-tread-on-me-flag	"President Obama is banning the Gadsden Flag (""Don't Tread on Me"") because it has been deemed racist."	President Obama Is Banning the ‘Don’t Tread on Me’ Flag?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-is-giving-1000-per-month-to-food-stamp-recipients	President Obama is giving food stamp recipients a bonus $1,000 per month for three months.	President Obama is Giving $1,000 per Month to Food Stamp Recipients
vclaim-sno-president-obama-marching	A photograph shows former U.S. President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama marching with protesters in June 2020.	Is This the Obamas Marching with Protesters in 2020?
vclaim-sno-president-obama-takes-a-knee-during-national-anthem	President Obama took a knee during the national anthem.	President Obama Takes a Knee During National Anthem
vclaim-sno-president-pelosi-election-delayed	If the November 2020 election is delayed, U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi would automatically assume the role of acting president in the absence of a president-elect.	If the US General Election Is Delayed, Does Pelosi Become President?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-block-jennie-willoughby-twitter	President Donald Trump blocked Jennie Willoughby, one of the ex-wives of former White House staff secretary Rob Porter, on Twitter.	Did President Donald Trump Block Jennie Willoughby on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-booed-world-series	U.S. President Donald Trump was booed by the crowd at the World Series in October 2019.	Did President Trump Get Booed at the 2019 World Series?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-dayton-toledo	U.S. President Donald Trump referred to the mass shooting in Dayton, Ohio, in August 2019 as having happened in Toledo, Ohio.	Did President Trump Say the Dayton, Ohio, Mass Shooting Was in Toledo?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-dorian-map-sharpie	U.S. President Donald Trump displayed an altered graphic purporting to show Hurricane Dorian potentially hitting Alabama.	Did Trump Display an Altered Hurricane Dorian Map Showing Alabama in Its Path?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-gives-finger	President Trump raised his middle finger to make an obscene gesture at Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni during a meeting at the 2017 G7 summit in Italy.	Did President Trump Give the Finger to the Italian Prime Minister?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-in-diaper	A photograph shows Donald Trump in a diaper.	Is This Donald Trump in a Diaper?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-pardon-family	Donald Trump could be the first U.S. president to pardon family members.	Could Trump Be First US President to Pardon Family Members?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-photograph-russian-lawyer-veselnitskaya	A photograph shows President Trump posing beside Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya.	Is This President Trump With a Controversial Russian Lawyer?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-say-eventually-will-get-something-done	"President Donald Trump said ""eventually we will get something done."""	Did President Trump Say ‘Eventually We Will Get Something Done’?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-walter-reed-media	President Trump's visit to Walter Reed Hospital in December 2018 was ignored by the media.	Was President Trump’s Visit to Walter Reed Hospital Ignored by the Media?
vclaim-sno-president-trump-wedding	"U.S. President Donald Trump ""crashed"" a wedding a ""groped"" the bride."	Did President Trump ‘Crash’ a Wedding and ‘Grope’ the Bride?
vclaim-sno-president-vp-different-states	The U.S. president and vice-president are constitutionally required to be from different states.	Must the President and Vice-President Be from Different States?
vclaim-sno-presidential-alerts-control-phones	“Presidential alerts” are capable of accessing the E911 chip in your phones, which provides the government full access to your location, microphone, camera and every function of your phone.	Do Presidential Alerts Give the Government Total Access to Your Phone?
vclaim-sno-presidential-election-postponed	The 2020 U.S. presidential election could be postponed if the coronavirus pandemic threatens to keep people from voting.	Could the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election Be Postponed?
vclaim-sno-presidential-erection	President Obama was captured flaunting his erection to female reporters in a 2008 video.	Video Emerges Showing Obama Flaunting Erection to Female Staffers?
vclaim-sno-presidential-responses-school-shootings	A set of images show President Barack Obama and President Donald Trump in the aftermath of various school shootings.	Presidential Responses to School Shootings?
vclaim-sno-presidential-seal-change-war	During wartime, the Seal of the President of the United States is modified so that the eagle's head faces the opposite direction.	Does the U.S. Presidential Seal Change in Wartime?
vclaim-sno-presidents-day	"The federal holiday observed in the United States on the third Monday of February is officially designated as ""Presidents' Day."""	What Is Presidents Day?
vclaim-sno-presidents-national-emergencies	Every U.S. president since 1976 has declared at least one national emergency.	Have All U.S. Presidents Since 1976 Declared National Emergencies?
vclaim-sno-presidents-younger-2020-candidates	The three previous U.S. presidents are all younger than the current field of 2020 presidential candidates.	Are 3 Previous US Presidents All Younger Than 2020 Candidates?
vclaim-sno-press-release-2	A video clip shows a subsequently suppressed Fox News broadcast about Barack Obama.	Obama Admits He Is a Muslim
vclaim-sno-press-release	Evangelist Billy Graham placed full-page advertisements in U.S. newspapers regarding the 2012 election.	Billy Graham Political Advertisement
vclaim-sno-press-secretary-covid-19-orwellian	In an interview with Fox News, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany said that COVID-19 guidelines are “Orwellian.”	Did White House Press Secretary Call COVID-19 Guidelines ‘Orwellian’?
vclaim-sno-preston-loyd	Prayers are requested for Preston Loyd,  a 4-year-old boy who was run over by a lawn mower.	Prayer Request: Preston Loyd
vclaim-sno-presumption-of-guilt	In some CVS stores, of all the hair care items vended there, only those marketed to African-Americans were tagged with anti-theft devices.	CVS Hair Care Products
vclaim-sno-preteen-mom	MTV is producing a new reality show,	MTV’s ’12 and Pregnant’
vclaim-sno-pretoria-chinese-restaurants-dog	Chinese restaurants in one of South Africa's capital cities are now allowed to sell dog meat.	Pretoria Chinese Restaurants Granted Permission to Sell Dog Meat
vclaim-sno-pretty-woman-sequel-hoax	"Richard Gere will make a sequel to ""Pretty Woman"" if his Facebook photo gets more than 1 million likes."	‘Pretty Woman’ Sequel a Hoax
vclaim-sno-pretzel-knot-tree-real	A photograph shows two trees twisted together into a knot shape.	Is This ‘Pretzel Knot’ Tree Real?
vclaim-sno-preventing-swine-flu	List offers useful tips for avoiding contracting the swine flu.	Is This Good Advice for Preventing Swine Flu?
vclaim-sno-preymates	Female praying mantises always eat the heads of their mates after copulating.	Does a Female Praying Mantis Always Eat Her Mate’s Head?
vclaim-sno-pride-flag-replace-pow-mia-flag	A pride flag replaced a POW/MIA flag at a Veterans Memorial Plaza in Maryland.	Did a Pride Flag Replace a POW/MIA Flag at Veterans Memorial Plaza?
vclaim-sno-pride-lions-kills-five-poachers-injures-three-others-zimbabwe	A pride of lions killed a group of poachers in Zimbabwe.	Pride of Lions Kills Five Poachers and Injures Three Others in Zimbabwe
vclaim-sno-pride-parade-fire-hydrant	An image depicts an overenthusiastic Pride attendee injured in an attempt to sexually stimulate himself with a fire hydrant.	Pride Parade Fire Hydrant Mishap
vclaim-sno-priest-facebook-post	A Catholic priest posted a meme encouraging anti-Trump protesters to commit suicide.	Did a Catholic Priest Encourage Anti-Trump Protesters to Commit Suicide?
vclaim-sno-priest-france-slaps-baby-baptism	In June 2018, a priest in France slapped a baby in the face during a baptism.	Did a Priest in France Slap a Baby During a Baptism Ceremony?
vclaim-sno-priest-pushed-off-brazil-stage	"A video shows a woman pushing a priest off a stage after he said, ""Fat women cannot go to heaven."""	Was a Priest Pushed off Stage for Saying ‘Fat Women Cannot Go to Heaven?’
vclaim-sno-priest-surgery-for-crucifix	A Catholic priest required an emergency surgery to remove a crucifix that had become lodged in his rectum.	Did a Priest Need Surgery to Remove a Crucifix from His Rectum?
vclaim-sno-prime-choice	Student receives top grade for following exam instructions literally.	Top Grade for Literal Instructions
vclaim-sno-prime-cut	A	Stolen Exam
vclaim-sno-prince-air-jordan-sneakers	Prince invested in Nike in 1971, recruited NBA star Michael Jordan to the company in 1983, and designed the first Air Jordan shoe.	Was Prince Integral in the Development of Air Jordan Sneakers?
vclaim-sno-prince-charles-regret	"Prince Charles said he had ""one major regret about baby Archie."""	Did Prince Charles Have ‘One Major Regret About Baby Archie’?
vclaim-sno-prince-charles-snub-mike-pence	"Prince Charles refused to shake hands with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, thereby ""snubbing"" or expressing a negative comportment towards Pence, at an event in January 2020."	Did Prince Charles Ignore Mike Pence at a Holocaust Commemoration?
vclaim-sno-prince-george-bible-verses	A viral Facebook video shows Prince George of Cambridge reciting the alphabet through Biblical verses.	Does a Viral Video Show Prince George Reciting the Alphabet in Bible Verses?
vclaim-sno-prince-harry-dancing-wedding	A video shows England's Prince Harry dancing at a wedding in Nigeria.	Is This Prince Harry Dancing at a Nigerian Wedding?
vclaim-sno-prince-harry-meghan-president	Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s children are eligible to run for president of the United States.	Can Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Kids Ever Be US President?
vclaim-sno-prince-harry-nazi-costume	In 2005, Britain's Prince Harry was photographed wearing a Nazi costume at a party.	Was Prince Harry Photographed in a Nazi Costume?
vclaim-sno-prince-haywood-nelson-brothers	Musician Prince Rogers Nelson and actor Haywood Nelson are half brothers.	Prince Was Not Haywood Nelson’s Brother
vclaim-sno-prince-philip-melania-stormy	Prince Philip mistakenly referred to Melania Trump as 'Stormy' during the U.S. First Couple's state visit to the UK.	Did Prince Philip Refer to Melania Trump as ‘Stormy’?
vclaim-sno-prince-quote-politics	Prince said that he voted Republican because that political party knows the value of hard work.	Prince on Politics
vclaim-sno-prince-vault-billy-joel	Prince's music vault contains 37,000 hours of Bill Joel cover songs.	Disappointing Prince Vaults Found to Contain 37,000 Hours of Billy Joel Covers
vclaim-sno-princess-cruises	Princess Cruises has ceased making stops in Israel.	Princess Cruises Boycotts Israel
vclaim-sno-principal-all-lives-matter-bhm	A Tennessee principal apologized after backlash to her decision to make “All Lives Matter” the school’s theme for Black History Month in February 2021.	Did School Apologize for ‘All Lives Matter’ Theme for Black History Month?
vclaim-sno-principal-class-speech	A transcript reproduces a high school principal's speech to students and faculty at the beginning of a new school year.	Is This a High School Principal’s Speech to the Incoming Class?
vclaim-sno-pringles-urn	The cremated ashes of Pringles’ creator were packaged and sold to customers.	Pringles Creator Cremated and Sold to Customers?
vclaim-sno-prison-brake	Texas has passed a law allowing incarcerated sex offenders to be used as subjects for medical experimentation.	Texas Scientists Given Green Light to Use Sex Offenders for Medical Research
vclaim-sno-prison-bus-for-babies	"A photograph depicts a ""special prison bus for babies"" used by ICE at an immigrant detention facility."	Is This a Picture of ICE’s ‘Special Prison Bus for Babies’?
vclaim-sno-prisoner-died-testicles-missing	A npedophile was found dead in his prison cell after his testicles were removed and his injuries went untreated.	Was a Pedophile Who Raped a 5-Year-Old Found Dead in Prison with His ‘Testicles Missing’?
vclaim-sno-private-charters	Photographs show weather and flight charts displaying phallic shapes.	Phallic Shapes on Charts
vclaim-sno-private-practice	A Florida grand jury has indicted Barack Obama and Joe Biden.	Grand Jury Indicts Obama and Biden
vclaim-sno-pro-choice-27th-abortion	"A California ""pro-choice activist"" set a world record by going through her 27th abortion."	Did a ‘Pro-Choice Activist’ Set a World Record by Getting Her 27th Abortion?
vclaim-sno-professor-flunk-student-australia-country-continent	An instructor failed a student for saying that Australia was a country rather than a continent.	Did a Professor Flunk a Student for Correctly Saying that Australia Is a Country?
vclaim-sno-program-management	C++ designer Bjarne Stroustrup admitted in an interview that he developed the language solely to create high-paying jobs for programmers.	Interview with Bjarne Stroustrup About C++
vclaim-sno-progressive-donations-lewis	Progressive Insurance chairman Peter Lewis has donated millions of dollars to the ACLU and liberal political causes.	Does the Owner of Progressive Insurance ‘Donate Millions to the ACLU’?
vclaim-sno-promeris	E-mail warns that ProMeris brand flea and tick protection may cause severe adverse reactions in pets.	ProMeris Flea & Tick Treatment Warning
vclaim-sno-promoter-dead-gibson-mayweather-mcgregor-fake-fight	Boxing promoter Barry Gibson was killed after he revealed that the Mayweather-McGregor fight was going to be fixed.	Promoter Found Dead After Exposing Mayweather-McGregor ‘Fake Fight?’
vclaim-sno-promotional-booklet	A 1991 literary client list promotional booklet identified Barack Obama as having been born in Kenya.	Did Obama’s Literary Agent Say He Was Born in Kenya?
vclaim-sno-property-rites	Burying a statuette of St. Joseph on the property will help speed the sale of a home.	St. Joseph and Home Sales
vclaim-sno-prophet-and-loss-statement	"President Obama said during a 2012 speech the ""future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam."""	Prophet and Loss Statement
vclaim-sno-prophet-mohammed-london-buses	The British government banned the Lord's Prayer in cinemas but then allowed Islamic messages to appear on London buses.	Prophet Mohammed London Buses
vclaim-sno-proportionate-response	Transcript reproduces Benjamin Netanyahu’s response to a snarky British interviewer who questioned the proportionality of Israel’s military response.	Benjamin Netanyahu and Proportionate Response
vclaim-sno-prostitute-gerda-puridle-eyelashes	A prostitute named Gerda Puridle invented elongated eyelashes in the 1880s.	Did Prostitute Gerda Puridle Invent Fake Eyelashes To, Umm… Protect Her Eyes?
vclaim-sno-protest-sign-end-white-supremacy	"A photograph shows a woman holding a protest sign which reads ""Ending White Supremacy Starts with Killing All White People."""	Did This Protest Sign Suggest the Mass Killing of White People in Order to End White Supremacy?
vclaim-sno-protest-vote	President Obama wore an “I Can’t Breathe” shirt to the Congressional swearing-in ceremony.	Obama Wears ‘I Can’t Breathe’ Shirt to Congressional Swearing-In Ceremony
vclaim-sno-protester-holding-holidays-matter-sign	"A photograph shows a protester holding a sign that says ""We must stop the war on Christmas"" next to another man with a sign that reads ""All holidays matter."""	Is a Protester Holding an ‘All Holidays Matter’ Sign?
vclaim-sno-protester-screams-in-cops-face	Photograph shows a protester face-to-face with an NYPD officer.	Protester Screams in NYPD Cop’s Face
vclaim-sno-protesters-beat-homeless-veteran	Anti-Trump protesters beat a homeless veteran to death in Philadelphia.	Protesters Beat Homeless Veteran to Death in Philadelphia
vclaim-sno-protesters-break-horses-leg	A mounted policeman's horse had its leg broken by protesters during anti-Trump demonstrations.	Anti-Trump Protesters Break Horse’s Leg
vclaim-sno-protesters-hyde-park-rubbish	A photograph shows a pile of rubbish left in Hyde Park by global-warming protesters.	Were Piles of Rubbish Left in Hyde Park By Global-Warming Protesters?
vclaim-sno-protesters-vandalize-hospital	A video shows protesters and members of antifa attacking the Texas Children's Hospital and terrorizing a child during spring 2020 demonstrations against police brutality.	Did Protesters Vandalize a Texas Children’s Hospital?
vclaim-sno-protestjobs-hiring-service	Professional protesters can be hired through the website ProtestJobs.com.	Is ProtestJobs.com a Real Service for Hiring Protesters?
vclaim-sno-proud-boy-6mwe	"""6MWE"" stands for ""6 million wasn't enough"" —  a reference to the 6 million Jews murdered during the Holocaust."	Is ‘6MWE’ an Anti-Semitic Proud Boys Slogan?
vclaim-sno-proud-boys-change-name-leather-men	"The Proud Boys renamed their group the ""Leather Men."""	Did Proud Boys Change Name to ‘Leather Men’?
vclaim-sno-proud-boys-mock-trump	The pro-Trump group Proud Boys disparaged U.S. President Donald Trump as his presidency came to an end in January 2021.	Did the Proud Boys Disparage Trump as His Presidency Ended?
vclaim-sno-proud-boys-name-aladdin-song	"Proud Boys founder Gavin McInnes said inspiration for the group’s name came from “Proud of Your Boy,” a song from the stage musical ""Aladdin."""	Did the Proud Boys’ Name Come from an ‘Aladdin’ Song?
vclaim-sno-proud-to-be-white	Transcript reproduces Michael Richards' defense speech in court after he made racist comments in his comedy act.	Michael Richards – Proud to be White
vclaim-sno-ps-169-pledge-allegiance-holiday-ban-controversy	PS 169 Principal Eujin Jaela Kim banned the Pledge of Allegiance, Santa, and Thanksgiving.	PS 169 Pledge of Allegiance and Holiday Ban Controversy
vclaim-sno-ps-and-qs	Barkeepers kept track of patrons’ tabs by chalking p’s and q’s on the wall (for pints and quarts), hence the admonishment to “mind your p’s and q’s.”	Etymology of ‘Mind your P’s and Q’s.’
vclaim-sno-psa-reopen-economy	"A public service announcement illustrates the pitfalls of reckoning ""acceptable deaths"" when making decisions about reopening the economy during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic."	Is This a PSA About Reopening the Economy?
vclaim-sno-psychiatrist-hitler-stalin-and-mao	A psychiatrist said U.S. President Donald Trump may be responsible for millions more deaths than Hitler, Stalin, and Mao.	Did a Psychiatrist Say Trump May Cause More Deaths Than Hitler, Stalin, and Mao?
vclaim-sno-public-assistance-barbie	"Mattel is introducing ""Public Assistance Barbie"" for the holidays."	Public Assistance Barbie
vclaim-sno-public-school-humiliation	An Oregon school punished a young child for tardiness by placing him behind a cardboard barrier at lunchtime.	Tardy Student Placed Behind Barrier for Lunch Detention
vclaim-sno-publix-100-coupons-2	Publix is giving away $100 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	Free Publix $100 Coupons Scam
vclaim-sno-publix-coupon-scam	Publix is giving away $75 and $80 grocery coupons to Facebook users.	Publix Coupons Facebook Scam
vclaim-sno-publix-donate-capitol-riots	Julie Jenkins Fancelli, heiress to the Publix supermarket chain, donated $300,000 to help fund the riot at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Did Publix Heiress Donate $300K To Fund the Capitol Riot?
vclaim-sno-publix-relations	A 2010 calendar distributed by Publix supermarkets identifies	Publix Calendar – Islamic New Year
vclaim-sno-pudding-on-the-ritz	A clever consumer earned millions of miles of free air travel by taking advantage of a Healthy Choice pudding promotion.	Man Gets Millions of Air Travel Miles from Pudding Cups
vclaim-sno-puddle-jumper-life-jackets	"A child who wore a Stearns Puddle Jumper life jacket while swimming experienced difficulty breathing and ""severe bruising on her rib."""	Are Puddle Jumper Life Jackets Hazardous to Children?
vclaim-sno-puerto-rico-food-stamps	The Department of Agriculture rejected a request by Puerto Rico that Nutrition Assistance Program rules be waived so that food stamps recipients could use EBT cards to purchase hot food.	Did Trump Administration Refuse Puerto Rico’s Request to Allow Food Stamps to be Used for Hot Meals?
vclaim-sno-puerto-rico-shirt-harassment	A viral video shows an Illinois man harassing a woman in a public park for wearing a t-shirt bearing the flag of Puerto Rico.	Did a Man Harass a Woman for Wearing a ‘Puerto Rico’ T-Shirt in the United States?
vclaim-sno-puerto-rico-teamsters	In September 2017, truck drivers' unions in Puerto Rico went on strike and refused to take part in relief efforts after a series of hurricanes.	Did Puerto Rico’s Teamsters Union Go on Strike During Hurricane Maria Relief Efforts?
vclaim-sno-puff-did-he	false	Sean Combs Arrested for the Murder of Tupac Shakur
vclaim-sno-puff-the-magic-dragon	"The Peter, Paul & Mary tune ""Puff, the Magic Dragon"" is a coded song about marijuana."	Is ‘Puff the Magic Dragon’ About Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-puffs-the-tragic-gagging	Gel balls have been found in the Gerber brand of Puffs baby snacks.	Puffs, the Tragic Gagging
vclaim-sno-pull-tab-recycling-dialysis	Pull tabs from aluminum cans have special redemption value for time on dialysis machines.	Can Pull Tabs Be Exchanged for Time on Dialysis Machines?
vclaim-sno-pulled-pork	Chipotle has stopped offering pork at its restaurants in order to appease Muslim customers.	Chipotle Pulls Pork from Restaurants to Appease Muslims?
vclaim-sno-pumpernickel	"Pumpernickel bread is so named because a Frenchman derisively declared it was fit only for his horse, Nicol. (""C'est du pain pour Nicol."")"	What Does Pumpernickel Mean?
vclaim-sno-pumpkin-patch	Durex is offering limited edition Pumpkin Spice condoms.	Durex Pumpkin Spice Condom
vclaim-sno-pumpkin-perfidy	Starbucks' Pumpkin Spice Latte contains numerous toxins, and the coffee giant is hiding the drink's ingredient list.	Is Starbucks’ Pumpkin Spice Latte Full of Toxins?
vclaim-sno-pumpkin-spice-charmin	Charmin had introduced a Pumpkin Spice variety of toilet paper.	Does Charmin make Pumpkin Spice Bathroom Tissue?
vclaim-sno-puncture-proof	Thieves at shopping malls are placing sharpened spikes up against the tires of shoppers’ vehicles with an eye to disabling these vehicles and robbing shoppers who are attempting to drive home.	Tire Puncture Warning
vclaim-sno-punishment-reading-bible-saudi-arabia	"A gruesome photograph of a shredded hand depicts a ""new punishment for reading the Bible"" in Saudi Arabia."	New Punishment for Reading the Bible in Saudi Arabia?
vclaim-sno-puppy-killers	Marines in training must murder a pet or a family member to be admitted to the Corps.	Must Marines Murder a Pet or Family Member to be Admitted to the Corps?
vclaim-sno-puppy-love-2	The Humane Society will donate $1 towards the care of an abused puppy every time his photo is shared.	Facebook Abused Puppy Donations
vclaim-sno-puppy-love	Photographs show a puppy with a heart-shaped pattern in its coat.	Puppy with Heart-Shaped Marking
vclaim-sno-purchase-membership-shop-costco	You no longer need to be a Costco member to shop in their stores.	Are Memberships No Longer Necessary to Shop at Costco?
vclaim-sno-purchasing-agreement	In June 2012, 79% of General Motors’ sales were made to the U.S. federal government.	General Motors Sales
vclaim-sno-purge-in-baton-rouge	A 'purge' event is planned for 9 July 2016 in Baton Rouge.	‘Purge’ Planned in Baton Rouge
vclaim-sno-purge	Gangs are planning a multi-city murder spree in imitation of the film	‘The Purge’ Crime Warning
vclaim-sno-purple-horned-winged-lizard	A photograph shows a purple horned winged lizard.	Is This a Purple Horned Winged Lizard?
vclaim-sno-purple-ladybugs	An image depicts rare purple ladybugs found only in Hawaii.	Purple Ladybugs
vclaim-sno-purple-lobster-caught-in-maine	A photograph shows a purple lobster caught in Maine.	Was a Rare Purple Lobster Caught in Maine?
vclaim-sno-purple-paint-no-trespassing	Purple paint on a fence post indicates that you are in danger and should leave the area immediately.	‘Purple Paint’ Trespass Warning
vclaim-sno-purple-sky-sweden	A video shows a bright purple sky in Sweden.	Did the Sky Turn Purple in Sweden?
vclaim-sno-purse-in-the-grocery-cart-scam	Burglars lure women away from their homes after stealing their wallets at shopping malls.	Is the ‘Purse-in-the-Grocery-Cart’ Scam Real?
vclaim-sno-push-vroom	A stranded motorist gets more than he bargained for when he asks for help push starting his car.	Pushed Car
vclaim-sno-pussy-quipped	Johnny Carson made a risqué remark to a starlet who appeared on the Tonight Show with a cat on her lap.	Pussy Quipped
vclaim-sno-put-paid	In the days just prior to the September 11 attacks, large quantities of stock in United and American Airlines were traded by persons with foreknowledge of the upcoming 9/11 attacks.	Were Stocks of Airlines Shorted Just Before 9/11?
vclaim-sno-putin-cancels-campaign-event-with-trump	Russian president Vladimir Putin cancelled a campaign appearance with Donald Trump.	Putin Cancels Campaign Event with Trump?
vclaim-sno-putin-destroy-the-new-world-order	During a foreign policy speech in London, former U.S. vice president Joe Biden said Russian president Vladimir Putin wants to 'destroy the new world order.'	Did Joe Biden Say Vladimir Putin Wants to ‘Destroy the New World Order’?
vclaim-sno-putin-endorses-bernie-sanders	Russian President Vladimir Putin endorsed Sen. Bernie Sanders for President.	Vladimir Putin Did Not Endorse Bernie Sanders
vclaim-sno-putin-gives-obama-ultimatum	"Putin issued an ultimatum to President Obama to stop ""smearing"" Russia, or risk starting World War III."	Putin Gives Obama Ultimatum
vclaim-sno-putin-gmo-evolution	Russian president Vladimir Putin slammed Western countries for using GMOs and vaccines that slow evolution.	Putin Tells Russian Security Council That GMOs and Vaccines Are a Threat to Evolution
vclaim-sno-putin-issues-arrest-warrant-for-george-soros	Russian President Vladimir Putin issued an arrest warrant for George Soros.	Did Putin Issue an Arrest Warrant for George Soros?
vclaim-sno-putin-laugh-at-trump-loser	A video shows Russian President Vladimir Putin laughing as he's told about U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 election loss.	Did Putin Laugh at Trump and Call Him a ‘Loser’?
vclaim-sno-putin-lover-dead-switzerland	A Russian man claiming to be Vladimir Putin's lover was found dead in Switzerland	Was a Man Claiming to Be Vladimir Putin’s Lover Found Dead in Zurich?
vclaim-sno-putin-obama-idiot-socialist	Vladimir Putin called President Obama an idiot for touting socialist policies.	Vladimir Putin Didn’t Call Obama an Idiot for Socialist Policies
vclaim-sno-putin-obama-tie-pull	A photograph shows Russian president Vladimir Putin aggressively pulling on U.S. president Barack Obama's tie.	Does This Photograph Show Putin Pulling President Obama’s Tie?
vclaim-sno-putin-passport-salisbury-poison-attack	British police found Russian president Vladimir Putin's passport at the scene of a chemical attack on former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury, England.	Did British Police Find Putin’s Passport at the Scene of the Salisbury Poison Attack?
vclaim-sno-putin-pictured-taking-lollipop-child	Photographs show Russian President Vladimir Putin taking a lollipop from a child.	Was Putin Pictured Taking a Lollipop from a Child?
vclaim-sno-putin-quote-criticizes-obama	Vladimir Putin said that 'ISIS will regret' assassinating a Russian ambassador since he is 'not Obama' and this is 'not Benghazi.'	Putin Quote Criticizes Obama
vclaim-sno-putin-surrounded-g20	A photograph shows Russia's president, Vladimir Putin, surrounded by other world leaders.	Was Vladimir Putin Surrounded by Other World Leaders at the G20 Summit?
vclaim-sno-putins-daughter-die-covid-vaccine	Russian President Vladimir Putin’s daughter died on Aug. 15, 2020, after taking a second dose of COVID-19 vaccine.	Did Putin’s Daughter Die After Taking COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-putting-coin-top-cup-ice-accurately-tell-freezer-lost-power	Placing a coin on top of a frozen glass of water in your freezer can help you tell if your freezer experienced a significant loss of power in your absence.	Does a Coin in a Cup of Ice Accurately Tell You If Your Freezer Lost Power?
vclaim-sno-putty-strife	Chick-fil-A sandwiches contain the anti-foaming agent dimethylpolysiloxane, which is Silly Putty.	Do Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwiches Contain Silly Putty?
vclaim-sno-pyramid-location-speed-light	The Great Pyramid of Giza’s location is linked to the speed of light.	Is The Great Pyramid of Giza’s Location Related to the Speed of Light?
vclaim-sno-python-eats-man	Photograph shows a python that ate a drunken man in India.	Python Eats Man?
vclaim-sno-python-swallows-woman-indonesia	In June 2018, a reticulated python swallowed and killed a woman in an Indonesian village.	Did a Python Swallow a Woman in Indonesia?
vclaim-sno-qanon-anti-maskers-march-germany	A photograph shows a large anti-mask protest in Germany.	Did Millions of Anti-Maskers and QAnon Supporters March in Germany?
vclaim-sno-qanon-cooper-apology	A former QAnon believer apologized to Anderson Cooper for thinking ate babies.	Did Former QAnon Believer Apologize to Anderson Cooper for Thinking He Ate Babies?
vclaim-sno-qanon-shaman-jake-angeli-testify	QAnon proponent Jake Angeli, who faces criminal charges related to the U.S. Capitol insurrection, was willing to testify against President Donald Trump in his second impeachment trial set to begin in early 2021.	Is ‘QAnon Shaman’ Jake Angeli Turning His Back on Trump?
vclaim-sno-quacking-wise	"In the ""dueling pianos"" scene of Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Donald Duck calls Daffy Duck the 'n-word.'"	Did Donald Duck Call Daffy Duck the ‘N-Word’?
vclaim-sno-quaden-bayles-18-years-old	Quaden Bayles is an 18-year-old man who lied about being a 9-year-old boy with dwarfism to scam the internet for money.	Is Quaden Bayles 18 Years Old?
vclaim-sno-quaden-bayles-suicide-hoax	The BBC reported in February 2020 that Quaden Bayles had committed suicide.	No, Quaden Bayles Did Not Commit Suicide
vclaim-sno-quail-fail	Eating a quail a day for 30 days is an impossible-to-win bet.	Fowl Play
vclaim-sno-quake-mother	Did a mother leave a touching text message for the child she died shielding during an earthquake?	Quake Mother
vclaim-sno-quality-inn-american-flag	A photograph shows an improperly displayed American flag outside of a Quality Inn hotel in May 2019.	Is a U.S. Flag Improperly Displayed at a Quality Inn?
vclaim-sno-quantum-blockchain-watermark-vote	"As part of a sting operation to prevent voter fraud, the government added either a ""QFS watermark"" or a ""quantum blockchain watermark"" to mail-in ballots that will one day reveal U.S. President Donald Trump as the true winner of the 2020 presidential election."	Did Mail-in Ballots Secretly Contain Quantum Blockchain Watermarks?
vclaim-sno-quarantine-etymology	"The word ""quarantine"" stems from the Italian word for ""forty,"" representing the number of days persons potentially exposed to communicable diseases had to remain in isolation."	Does ‘Quarantine’ Originate from the Word ‘Forty’ (Days) in Italian?
vclaim-sno-quaranturkey	Hundreds of thousands of Thanksgiving turkeys have been contaminated with Ebola.	Texas Turkey Farm Contaminated with Ebola, Over 250,000 Holiday Turkeys Infected
vclaim-sno-quarter-pounder-with-fleas	Korean McDonald’s locations sell a burger made from dog meat.	Korean McDonald's Begins Serving Dog Meat Burgers
vclaim-sno-quayle-quotes	Vice-President Dan Quayle once said, “I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn’t study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people.”	Dan Quayle Quotes
vclaim-sno-queasy-mac	Kraft Foods has recalled 242,000 cases of their Macaroni & Cheese Dinner due to possible contamination by metal fragments.	OUTDATED: Kraft Macaroni and Cheese Recall
vclaim-sno-queen-archie	Queen Elizabeth II revealed an upsetting truth about Archie, the son of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle.	Did the Queen ‘Reveal’ an ‘Upsetting Truth About Archie’?
vclaim-sno-queen-charlotte-african-ancestry	Queen Charlotte of Britain was a mixed-race woman of African ancestry.	Did Queen Charlotte Have African Ancestry?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-ii-mechanic	A photograph shows England's Queen Elizabeth II working as a mechanic during World War II.	Was Queen Elizabeth II a Mechanic During World War II?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-london-mayor	"Queen Elizabeth contradicted London Mayor Sadiq Khan by ""refusing to retract"" an invitation to Donald Trump to visit the UK."	Did Queen Elizabeth Refuse to Retract an Invitation to President Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-praised-trump	"Queen Elizabeth II called U.S. President Donald Trump an ""amazing person"" with a ""good heart"" in a controversially suppressed interview in June 2019."	Did the Queen Call President Trump an ‘Amazing Person’ with a ‘Good Heart’?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-remove-obamas-guest-list	"Queen Elizabeth removed the Obamas from the guest list for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding after she learned that Michelle Obama tried to ""sneak a spot."""	Did Queen Elizabeth Remove the Obamas from Royal Wedding Guest List?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-retires	Elizabeth II is abdicating her throne and giving the crown to Prince William	Queen Elizabeth II Passes on Crown as She Retires?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-suspends-wedding	Queen Elizabeth is so upset at public comments made by royal bride-to-be Meghan Markle that she has suspended or threatened to suspend Prince Harry's wedding.	Did Queen Elizabeth Suspend the Wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?
vclaim-sno-queen-elizabeth-trump-brooch	When meeting President Donald Trump in July 2018, Queen Elizabeth wore a brooch given to her by former president Barack Obama.	Did Queen Elizabeth Wear a Brooch Gifted by President Obama While Meeting President Trump?
vclaim-sno-queen-meghan-markle-stop	"Queen Elizabeth II told Meghan Markle to ""STOP."""	Did the Queen Tell Meghan Markle To ‘Stop’?
vclaim-sno-queen-obama	The U.S. Postal Service is selling Queen Michelle Obama stamps.	Post Office to Sell Queen Michelle Obama Stamps
vclaim-sno-queen-offers-to-restore-british-rule-over-united-states	Queen Elizabeth II has offered to restore British rule over the United States of America.	Queen Offers to Restore British Rule Over United States?
vclaim-sno-queen-sword-trump	Queen Elizabeth asserted she has the legal authority to kill President Trump with a sword should he enter Buckingham Palace.	Can the Queen Legally Kill President Trump with a Sword?
vclaim-sno-queen-trump-tiara	Queen Elizabeth II wore a Burmese Ruby Tiara as a slight against U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did Queen Elizabeth II ‘Troll’ President Trump with Her Tiara?
vclaim-sno-queen-yellow-facemask	A photograph shows Queen Elizabeth wearing a yellow face mask during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic.	Is This Queen Elizabeth Wearing a Yellow Face Mask?
vclaim-sno-queens-squirrels	"""Rabid"" squirrels are attacking residents of Rego Park in Queens, New York."	Are ‘Rabid’ Squirrels Attacking People in Queens, New York?
vclaim-sno-questions-disneylands-club-33-answered	A private club (the only place in the park where alcohol is served) is housed in Disneyland's New Orleans Square.	Questions About Disneyland’s Club 33, Answered
vclaim-sno-quick-guide-2017-total-solar-eclipse	We check an assortment of claims about the 2017 total solar eclipse over North America.	Answering Your Questions About the 2017 Total Solar Eclipse
vclaim-sno-quick-thinking-mom-saves-family	"A ""quick-thinking mom"" distracted a robber by performing a sex act on him in order to allow her family to safely escape."	Did a ‘Quick-Thinking’ Mom Save Her Family by Performing a Sex Act on a Robber?
vclaim-sno-quiktrip-safe-place	QuikTrip's Safe Place is equipped to provide a safe room and assistance to a variety of victims of violence or persons otherwise in danger.	QuikTrip Safe Place
vclaim-sno-quintuple-skull	A photograph shows a genuine quintuple skull.	Is This ‘Quintuple Skull’ Real?
vclaim-sno-quirky-president-auction	A 2021 Presidents Day auction was selling, among other things, actual hair from former President George Washington and a Harvard sweater that belonged to John F. Kennedy.	Are George Washington’s Hair and JFK’s Harvard Sweater Up for Auction?
vclaim-sno-quokka-happiest-animal	Photographs show a real animal with an apparent resting smile called a quokka.	Is the Quokka a Real Animal?
vclaim-sno-quote-nelson-mandela	"Nelson Mandela said, ""Our world is not divided by race, color, gender, or religion. Our world is divided into wise people and fools. And fools divide themselves by race, color, gender, or religion."""	Is This a Real Quote by Nelson Mandela?
vclaim-sno-quran-911	"Quranic verse 9:11 speaks of the ""wrath of the Eagle cleansing the lands of Allah."""	Quran 9:11
vclaim-sno-quran-nz-attack-photo	A photograph shows a blood-stained Quran found after the March 2019 Christchurch mass shootings.	Does This Photograph Show a Blood-Stained Quran from the Christchurch, NZ, Attack?
vclaim-sno-rabbi-michael-beals-biden-mensch	"Rabbi Michael Beals called Joe Biden a ""mensch"" in an article about the then-senator attending a shiva minyan."	Did Rabbi Michael Beals Call Joe Biden a ‘Mensch’?
vclaim-sno-raccoon-break-into-bank	A raccoon duo broke into a California bank by crawling up into the building’s air ducts and crashing through the ceiling tiles.	Did Raccoons Break Into a Bank?
vclaim-sno-raccoon-rides-alligator	A photograph shows a raccoon riding an alligator.	Gatorboarding
vclaim-sno-raccoons-california-break-in	In December 2020, California police responded to a reported burglary in progress only to find approximately one dozen raccoons involved in a fight.	Did Raccoons Break into a California Building (Again)?
vclaim-sno-race-kors	"Fashion CEO Michael Kors said he is tired of ""pretending to like blacks."""	Did Michael Kors Say ‘I’m Tired of Pretending I Like Blacks’?
vclaim-sno-rachel-arlington	AOL and ZDNet are donating 32¢ to the care of Rachel Arlington, a child with brain cancer in need of an operation her parents can’t afford, for every	Rachel Arlington / Bryan Swim / To My Daughter
vclaim-sno-rachel-hoffman	A 23-year-old Florida university student was arrested for marijuana possession and coerced into acting as an informant; she was subsequently murdered by drug dealers who discovered she was wearing a wire.	Death of Rachel Hoffman
vclaim-sno-rachel-levine-family-photo	A photograph shows U.S. Assistant Secretary for Health Rachel Levine and her family.	Is This Rachel Levine’s Family Photo?
vclaim-sno-rachel-maddow-trump-tweet	"Rachel Maddow tweeted that Donald Trump needs to be ""taken out"" before he destroys America."	Did Rachel Maddow Tweet That Donald Trump Needs to be ‘Taken Out?’
vclaim-sno-racial-bias-tax-evasion	A comparison of four cases demonstrates a racial bias in tax-evasion prosecutions.	Does This Meme Demonstrate Racial Bias in Tax-Evasion Prosecutions?
vclaim-sno-racial-murder-elderly-white-woman	"No one is calling out the racist killing of a white woman by a ""black gang."""	Did the U.S. Ignore the ‘Racist’ Murder of an Elderly White Woman?
vclaim-sno-racial-slur-business-destroyed	A white man who followed an African-American motorist to his home after a road rage incident and called him a racial slur has lost his business.	Did a Racist Who Followed a Black Man Home to Call Him a Racial Slur Have His Business Destroyed?
vclaim-sno-racial-slur-on-huck-finns-receipt	A customer of Huck Finn's Cafe in New Orleans discovered a racist epithet on her receipt.	Racial Slur on Huck Finn’s Receipt?
vclaim-sno-racist-carnival-game	"""Hit the Nigger Baby"" was once a popular attraction at fairgrounds in the United States."	Was a Violently Racist Carnival Game Once Popular in America?
vclaim-sno-racist-homework	Image shows a racist homework assignment.	Racist Homework
vclaim-sno-racist-protesters-protected-black-policeman	A photograph shows a black police officer protecting participants in a white supremacist protest in Charlottesville.	Racist Protesters Protected by Black Policeman?
vclaim-sno-radio-daze	Mistaken belief that radios in Ford automobiles contain chips that pick up satellite TV spurs car vandals.	Ford Radio Theft
vclaim-sno-radio-interview-ocasio-cortez	A meme transcribes a portion of a radio interview with U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.	Is This a Transcript from a Radio Interview with U.S. Rep. Ocasio-Cortez?
vclaim-sno-radio-kkk-photograph	Jack and Rosie Riddle were photographed in 1948 accepting a radio from a group of Ku Klux Klan members.	Does This Photograph Show a Black Couple Accepting a Gift from KKK Members?
vclaim-sno-radioactive-diamond-batteries-real-thing	Man-made, radioactive “diamond batteries” are capable of providing thousands of years of energy without a charge.	Are Radioactive ‘Diamond Batteries’ a Real Thing?
vclaim-sno-radioactive-salmon-fukushima	"The first ""radioactive salmon"" attributed to the Fukushima nuclear disaster have been found in British Columbia, Canada, posing a risk to human health."	Radioactive Canadian Salmon Tied to Fukushima Disaster?
vclaim-sno-radiohead-fans-left-red-faced-after-applauding-tuning-session	A news article was published claiming that Radiohead fans were embarrassed after wildly applauded a tuning session.	Radiohead Fans Left Red-Faced After Applauding Tuning Session?
vclaim-sno-rage-before-beauty	An older woman takes revenge on the sassy young thing who brazenly zips into the parking space she’d been waiting for.	Older and More Insurance
vclaim-sno-raggedy-ann-vaccine-death	Raggedy Ann dolls were created by a grief-stricken father who lost his daughter to a vaccine-related illness, and who wished to broadcast the risks of vaccination.	Was the Raggedy Ann Doll Modeled After a Child Killed by a Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-railroad-gauge-chariots	The U.S. standard railroad gauge derives directly from the width of Imperial Roman war chariots.	Are U.S. Railroad Gauges Based on Roman Chariots?
vclaim-sno-rain-of-terrier	A man left entertaining his girlfriend’s dog throws a ball out her highrise apartment window, with the dog in hot pursuit.	Dog Jumps Out Apartment Window to Chase Tennis Ball
vclaim-sno-rain-schtick	Senator Ted Cruz claimed flooding in Texas was caused by Native American rain dances.	Ted Cruz: The Texas Floods Were Caused by Native American Rain Dances
vclaim-sno-rain-wildfire-toxic	Precipitation in smoky areas following a wildfire is likely to be extremely toxic.	Is Rain That Falls in Smoky Areas After a Wildfire Likely to Be “Extremely Toxic”?
vclaim-sno-rainbornado	A photograph shows a tornado sucking up a rainbow.	Is This a Tornado Sucking Up a Rainbow?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-butterfly	A photograph shows a multi-colored 'rainbow butterfly.'	Is This a Photograph of a ‘Rainbow Butterfly’?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-grapes	Photographs show multi-colored ‘rainbow grapes.’	Rainbow Grapes
vclaim-sno-rainbow-grasshopper	A photograph shows a colorful rainbow grasshopper.	Is This a Real Rainbow Grasshopper?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-grilled-cheese-cow-video	A video shows a real farm that gets rainbow cheese from rainbow cows.	Rainbow Grilled Cheese
vclaim-sno-rainbow-harpy-eagle	A photograph shows a rainbow-colored harpy eagle.	Is the Rainbow Harpy Eagle Photo Real?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-mountains-of-peru	"A photograph shows ""rainbow mountains"" in Peru."	Are the ‘Rainbow Mountains of Peru’ Real?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-mountains-real	A photograph shows a rainbow-colored mountain range in California.	Are These Rainbow Mountains Real?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-owl	A photograph shows a 'rainbow owl' that dwells in the U.S. and China.	Is This a Photograph of a Rainbow Owl?
vclaim-sno-rainbow-roses-2	Photograph shows roses bred to grow multi-colored petals.	Rainbow Roses
vclaim-sno-rainbow-roses	Photograph shows roses bred to grow multi-colored petals.	Rainbow Roses
vclaim-sno-rainier	Mount Rainier in Washington State was so designated due to the influence of Rainier Brewery.	Mount Rainier – Rainier Brewery
vclaim-sno-raised-fist-traffic-light-real	A photograph shows a traffic sign that was altered to show a fist raised in protest.	Was This Traffic Light Altered to Display a Fist Raised in Protest?
vclaim-sno-raising-cane	Candy canes were created as Christian symbols representing the blood and purity of Jesus.	Did Candy Canes Originate as Religious Symbols?
vclaim-sno-raising-canes-chicken-bankruptcy	Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers filed for bankruptcy.	Did Raising Cane’s Chicken File for Bankruptcy?
vclaim-sno-raising-the-bar	Proposed legislation would bar NFL teams from employing homosexual players.	Bill to Ban Gay Players from NFL
vclaim-sno-raisins-gin-arthritis	A daily regimen of ingesting gin-soaked raisins will help relieve arthritis symptoms.	Does Eating Gin-Soaked Raisins Help Relieve Arthritis Pain?
vclaim-sno-rajon-rondo-traded-for-anthony-davis-rumor	Chicago Bulls Rajon Rondo and New Orleans Pelicans Anthony Davis were traded in a five player deal in January 2017.	Was Rajon Rondo Traded for Anthony Davis in a Five-Team Deal?
vclaim-sno-rally-tally	A division of the U.S. Department of Justice organized rallies calling for the arrest and prosecution of George Zimmerman.	Justice Dept Backed Trayvon Martin Rallies
vclaim-sno-ralph-macchio-death-hoax	Actor Ralph Macchio of 'Karate Kid' fame passed away in June 2016.	Ralph Macchio Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-ramad-chatman	Ramad Chatman was given a jail sentence for a crime of which he was acquitted.	Was a Black Man Acquitted of a Crime — and Also Jailed for It?
vclaim-sno-rambo-fore	Sylvester Stallone will tackle the Taliban and Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in an upcoming	Rambo Tackles Osama bin Laden
vclaim-sno-ramen-ruminations	Cooking instant noodles along with the contents of their flavor packets turns the MSG contained therein “toxic.”	Noodles and MSG
vclaim-sno-rammed-car-pregnancy	An amorous couple engaged in a parked car were rammed from behind by another vehicle, leading to an unplanned pregnancy and a lawsuit.	Did a Rammed Car Cause a Pregnancy?
vclaim-sno-ramsey-orta-jailed	Ramsey Orta went to jail for filming the fatal encounter between Eric Garner and New York City police officers.	Ramsey Orta Jailed for Filming Eric Garner’s Death
vclaim-sno-ranch-stash	Senator Harry Reid and a Chinese company building a solar plant are behind a standoff between federal agents and a Nevada rancher.	Harry Reid, Chinese Company Behind Nevada Ranch Standoff
vclaim-sno-rand-paul-ophthalmologist	"U.S. Sen. Rand Paul claimed to be a ""board-certified"" ophthalmologist on the basis of being certified by a board that he created himself and that he put his wife and father-in-law in charge of."	Was Rand Paul Certified as an Ophthalmologist by a Board He Created?
vclaim-sno-rand-paul-tweet-second-amendment-purpose-shoot-tyrannical-government	Rand Paul tweeted that the Second Amendment wasn't designed to protect our right to shoot deer, but the government when it becomes tyrannical.	Rand Paul Tweeted That Purpose of Second Amendment Is to Shoot at Tyrannical Government?
vclaim-sno-rap-sheet	Photograph shows Mount Rushmore obscured by a helicopter-suspended sheet due to the federal government shutdown.	Spiteful Obama Blocks Off View of Mt. Rushmore
vclaim-sno-rape-allegations-fabricated	About 99% of rape allegations are fabricated.	Are 99% of Rape Allegations “Absolutely Fabricated”?
vclaim-sno-rape-attempt-in-vacaville	E-mail describes an attempted rape in Vacaville, California.	Rape Attempt in Vacaville
vclaim-sno-rape-billboard-finland	A billboard in Finland states that it is legal for refugees to rape women.	Does a Billboard in Finland Promote Rape by Refugees?
vclaim-sno-rapex	A photograph shows an anti-rape device known as RapeX, a female condom with teeth lining the inside.	RapeX, the South African Anti-Rape Condom
vclaim-sno-rapid-fire-nail-gun	Photograph shows a DeWalt-manufactured “rapid fire nail gun.”	Rapid Fire Nail Gun
vclaim-sno-rapid-fire	President Obama fired several military officers for disobeying his order to destroy Charleston as part of a “false flag” attack.	Obama Ousts Top Officers After Nuke Explodes in Ocean Instead of Charleston
vclaim-sno-rapinoe-flag-stomp	U.S. soccer star Megan Rapinoe stomped on a U.S. flag as an unpatriotic gesture after the 2019 World Cup Final.	Did Megan Rapinoe ‘Stomp’ on an American Flag After the World Cup Final?
vclaim-sno-rapist-clown-costume	A convicted pedophile rapist was caught using a clown costume to hide in a child's room.	Did a Babysitter Discover a ‘Clown Doll’ in a Child’s Room Was a Real Person?
vclaim-sno-rapist-trick	A serial killer/rapist is luring women with $5 bills they’ve ‘dropped.’	Serial Killer/ Rapist Trick
vclaim-sno-rapists-and-child-support	A rapist may sue a victim for custody of a child in 31 states, but in no states may victims seek child support from rapists.	Can Rapists Sue for Child Custody, While Rape Victims Cannot Sue for Child Support?
vclaim-sno-rare-vhs-tapes	A list shows a handful of rare VHS movies and specials that can land a nice sum for owners — potentially even hundreds or thousands of dollars.	Are These VHS Tapes ‘Rare’ and Worth Big Money?
vclaim-sno-rash-decision-3	Pampers Dry Max diapers commonly cause severe diaper rash and chemical burns on infants.	Chemical Burns from Pampers Disposable Diapers?
vclaim-sno-rashida-tlaib-arrest-facebook	A photograph of U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib being arrested is being removed from Facebook to protect her reputation.	Is Facebook Removing a Photograph of Rashida Tlaib Being Arrested?
vclaim-sno-rashida-tlaib-bring-jihad	"U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib was overheard saying, ""We will bring Jihhaad [sic] to America."""	Was U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib Overheard Saying ‘We Will Bring Jihad to America’?
vclaim-sno-rashida-tlaib-holocaust-warm-feeling	"U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib expressed joy and celebration about the Holocaust, saying it gave her a ""warm feeling."""	Did Rashida Tlaib Celebrate the Holocaust, Say It Gave Her a ‘Warm Feeling’?
vclaim-sno-rashida-tlaib-investigation	U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib is under investigation for election fraud.	Is U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib Under Investigation for Election Fraud?
vclaim-sno-rashida-tlaib-people-tweet	"Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib tweeted that ""Americans have spent decades raping and pillaging my people."""	Did Rashida Tlaib Tweet About America ‘Raping and Pillaging’ Her People?
vclaim-sno-raspberry-ultra-drops	Raspberry Ultra Drops have been vetted by Fox News and endorsed by	Raspberry Ultra Drops
vclaim-sno-rat-found-in-dr-pepper-bottle	A Texas man found a dead rat in a partially consumed bottle of Dr Pepper.	Rat Found in Dr Pepper Bottle
vclaim-sno-rat-meat-chicken-wings	300,000 pounds of rat meat disguised as chicken wings were sold in the U.S.	Was Rat Meat Sold as Chicken Wings?
vclaim-sno-rat-showering-like-a-person	A video shows a rat washing itself as though it were a human taking a shower.	Is This a Rat Showering Like a Person?
vclaim-sno-rat-superstitions	Various superstitions associate rats with death.	Why Do Superstitions Associate Rats with Death?
vclaim-sno-rat-urine-soda-cans	Death and disease from leptospirosis is spread by rat urine on soda cans.	Can You Catch Leptospirosis from Rat Urine on Soda Cans?
vclaim-sno-rather-ends-retirement-donald-trump	"Dan Rather has come out of retirement as a newsman to ""topple"" the Trump administration?"	Dan Rather Ends Retirement to ‘Topple’ Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-raw-water-provide-probiotic-health-benefits	"Drinking untreated spring water, marketed as ""raw water,"" provides health benefits because they are ""probiotic."""	Does ‘Raw Water’ Provide Probiotic Health Benefits?
vclaim-sno-raynor-died-expose-clinton	An FBI agent who exposed Hillary Clinton's corruption has been found dead.	Was an FBI Agent Who Exposed Hillary Clinton’s Corruption Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-raz-simone-guns	"A video shows a ""leader"" of the Capitol Hill Organized Protest (CHOP), Raz Simone, giving a semi-automatic weapon to a fellow protester."	Does This Video Show Raz Simone Handing Out Guns in Seattle’s CHOP?
vclaim-sno-razor-blades-gas-pump-michigan	Razor blades were found in gas-pump handles in Michigan.	Were Razor Blades Found in Gas-Pump Handles in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-rbg-brethren-quote	"Ruth Bader Ginsburg was the first to say, ""I ask no favor for my sex. All I ask of our brethren is that they take their feet off our necks."""	Did These Words Originate with Ruth Bader Ginsburg?
vclaim-sno-rbg-call-impeachment-illegal	"U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg called the impeachment of President Donald Trump ""illegal BS."""	Did RBG Call Impeachment ‘Illegal BS’?
vclaim-sno-rbg-first-woman-lie-in-state	Shortly after her death on Sept. 18, 2020, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg became the first woman in American history to lie in state at the U.S. Capitol.	Was Justice Ginsburg the First Woman To Lie in State at the US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-reachelle-marie-smith	Reachelle Marie Smith is missing from her Minot, North Dakota, home.	Missing Child: Reachelle Marie Smith
vclaim-sno-reading-railroaded	The drawback of a laborer’s illiteracy frees him to become a success in another field.	Bookkeeper in a Brothel
vclaim-sno-reagan-arms-surrendered-guns-marx	"U.S. President Ronald Reagan once said, ""Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempt to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary."""	Did Reagan Say ‘Under No Pretext Should Arms Be Surrendered’?
vclaim-sno-reagan-trump-handshake	Ronald Reagan said he felt like he was shaking the President's hand when he met Donald Trump.	Did Ronald Reagan Predict a Trump Presidency?
vclaim-sno-real-clear-politics-biden	"Media outlet Real Clear Politics projected Joe Biden to win Pennsylvania in the 2020 U.S. presidential election but rescinded that call after news of a lawsuit that could ""invalidate 300,000 or more"" Democratic votes."	Did Real Clear Politics Take Penn. ‘Away’ From Biden After Lawsuit News?
vclaim-sno-real-dancing-robots	A video shows real robots dancing to the song “Do You Love Me.”	Are These Real Dancing Robots?
vclaim-sno-real-hand-eight-fingers	A set of images show a congenital anomaly that resulted in an a hand with eight fingers.	Is This a Real Hand With Eight Fingers?
vclaim-sno-real-id-act	Some travelers may no longer be able to use their driver's licenses to board airplanes after 1 October 2020 due to the REAL ID Act.	Air Travelers Must Have REAL ID-Compliant Driver’s Licenses by October 2020
vclaim-sno-real-mermaid-found-india	A real mermaid was discovered in the Oman Gulf in December 2017.	Was a Real Mermaid Found in India?
vclaim-sno-real-photo-of-penguin-mouth	A close-up photograph of the alien-like inside of a penguin’s mouth revealed spike-like structures protruding from the bird’s tongue.	Does a Photo Reveal the Inside of a Penguin’s Mouth?
vclaim-sno-real-photograph-g7-leaders	President Donald Trump was photographed during the G7 summit sitting down opposite Germany prime minister Angela Merkel with his arms crossed.	Is This a Real Photograph of G7 Leaders?
vclaim-sno-real-sex-ed	A couple announced they have sex in front of their children to show them where babies come from.	Is a Couple Having Sex in Front of Their Kids to Teach Them Where Babies Come From?
vclaim-sno-real-storm-over-paris-photo	A photograph shows a large storm looming over Paris, France.	Does This Photo Show a Real Storm Over Paris?
vclaim-sno-real-supercell-video	A video shows a giant supercell moving over a rural road.	Is This a Real Video of a Thunderstorm Supercell?
vclaim-sno-real-trailer-forrest-gump-2	"Paramount, Amblin, and the Bubba Gump Shrimp Company released a trailer for ""Forrest Gump 2: Forever Jenny."""	Is This a Real Trailer for ‘Forrest Gump 2’?
vclaim-sno-real-video-arrow-always-points-right	An optical illusion allows a 3D arrow to appear as if it is always pointing in the same direction (with its mirror reflection showing the opposite direction), even when it is rotated 180 degrees.	Is This a Real Video of an Arrow That Always Points to the Right?
vclaim-sno-reality-czech	Sarah Palin called for an invasion of the Czech Republic in response to the Boston Marathon bombings.	Sarah Palin Calls for Invasion of Czech Republic
vclaim-sno-reality-tv-15-impregnate-woman	A 2020 reality TV show was based on the premise of 15 men competing to impregnate a woman and start a family with her.	Did a Reality TV Show See ’15 Men Compete To Impregnate a Woman’?
vclaim-sno-rear-admirable	Photographs show Japanese women wearing imitation see-through skirts.	Japanese See-Through Skirts
vclaim-sno-reasons-admission-insane-asylum-1800s	A list  documents the myriad reasons why people were committed to insane asylums in the 19th century.	Reasons for Admission to Insane Asylums in the 19th Century
vclaim-sno-rebel-wilson-weight	A Twitter advertisement showed a picture of actress Rebel Wilson in her college days.	Did a Cruel Twitter Ad Accurately Portray Rebel Wilson?
vclaim-sno-rebirth-of-the-eagle	Eagles extend their lifespans by removing their beaks, talons, and feathers in order to grow new ones.	The Rebirth of the Eagle
vclaim-sno-rebuke-america	A woman named Maureen Scott wrote an editorial condemning President Obama.	Maureen Scott: The Architect of Destruction
vclaim-sno-recall-that-recall	In 2015 the FDA issued a recall for children’s Tylenol, Motrin, and Benadryl products.	Have Tylenol, Motrin, and Benadryl Been Recalled?
vclaim-sno-recalled-tampons-zombie-ants	A woman who used a recalled brand of tampons saw herself become infested with ants and had to be treated with a grotesque fungus that turned those ants into zombies.	Recalled Tampons Result in Bloody Exodus of Ants from Body
vclaim-sno-receipt-paper-harmful	Some grocery store receipts contain chemicals linked to infertility and hormone-related cancers.	Do Grocery Store Receipts Contain Chemicals Linked to Cancer, Infertility?
vclaim-sno-reckless-abandon	Photograph shows a baby found abandoned in a national park.	Baby Abandoned in National Park
vclaim-sno-recoil	A U.S. sniper, asked what he feels when he shoots an al-Qaeda member, replied: “Recoil.”	Recoil
vclaim-sno-reconnaissance-tours	"Members of Congress provided ""reconnaissance tours"" to Capitol rioters the day before the Jan. 6, 2021 insurrection."	Did Members of Congress Provide ‘Reconnaissance Tours’ Before Capitol Riots?
vclaim-sno-record-snowfall-in-oswego	Photographs show the aftermath of record-setting snowstorms that hit the Oswego, New York, area in	Upstate New York (Oswego) Snow
vclaim-sno-recording-guns-falling-silent	There is an audio recording of the guns falling silent during armistice in World War I.	Is This a Recording of the Guns Falling Silent During Armistice in World War I?
vclaim-sno-recreational-fishing-ban	President Obama has announced plans to ban recreational fishing in the U.S.	Recreational Fishing Ban
vclaim-sno-recurring-donation-dec	The Trump Campaign's fundraising platform is soliciting recurring donations until mid-December and automatically checking the box that authorizes this option.	Is Trump Campaign Auto-Checking A “Recurring Donation” Option That Ends in December?
vclaim-sno-red-blood-cell-tip-needle	A photograph shows a red blood cell on the tip of a needle.	Is This a Red Blood Cell on the Tip of a Needle?
vclaim-sno-red-bull-bang-drug-tests-meth	Red Bull and Bang energy drinks test positive for various illicit or prescription drugs in substance or urine tests	Do Energy Drinks Show Up as Various Illicit Substances in Drug Tests?
vclaim-sno-red-bull-hong-kong-stand	Red Bull released an advertisement in October 2019 in support of pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong.	Did Red Bull Stand With Hong Kong Protesters in New Ad?
vclaim-sno-red-bull-semen	Red Bull and other brands of energy drinks contain bull semen.	Do Energy Drinks Contain Bull Semen?
vclaim-sno-red-bulls-wings	Red Bull lost a $13 million lawsuit after promising that its customers would grow wings.	Red Bull Does (Not) Give You Wings
vclaim-sno-red-cone-of-silence	Photograph shows a woman who suffered a severe infection after the application of henna.	Party Mehndi Red Cone
vclaim-sno-red-cross-bans-prayer-at-shelters-even-in-churches	The Red Cross banned prayer in all disaster shelters, even those in churches.	Does the Red Cross Ban Prayer at Shelters, Even in Churches?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-charge-disaster-victims-assist	The American Red Cross charges a fee to persons whom they assist.	Does the Red Cross Charge Disaster Victims They Assist?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-charging-victims-hurricane-harvey-disaster-relief-services	The American Red Cross is charging victims of Hurricane Harvey for their services.	Is the Red Cross Charging Victims of Hurricane Harvey for Disaster Relief Services?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-coronavirus-scams	People describing themselves as Red Cross workers are knocking on doors of people's homes and selling what they claim are coronavirus home tests.	No, Red Cross Is Not Offering Coronavirus Home Tests
vclaim-sno-red-cross-hamburgers	The Red Cross blocked the distribution of 400 hamburgers to Harvey evacuees in Texas.	Did the Red Cross Prevent 400 Hamburgers from Getting to Harvey Victims?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-hurricane-meal	A photograph shows a meal served by the Red Cross to victims of a hurricane in Texas.	Did the Red Cross Serve This Meal to Hurricane Victims?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-meals-louisiana	The Red Cross gave out meager and unappetizing meals to Louisiana flood victims.	Red Cross Served ‘Unacceptable’ Meals to Louisiana Flood Victims?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-nurse-normandy-beach	A photograph shows Red Cross nurses arriving on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day.	Are These Red Cross Nurses on the Beaches of Normandy on D-Day?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-steals-texas	In September 2017, the Red Cross stole donated items from churches in Houston, Texas, and then sold some of the items and burned the others — all under the protection of a 2012 executive order.	Did the Red Cross Steal Donations in Texas, Empowered by an Obama-Era Executive Order?
vclaim-sno-red-cross-waste-supplies-texas-harvey	In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, the Red Cross was instructed to throw away a significant quantity of supplies that had been donated by the public.	Red Cross Instructed to Throw Away Donated Supplies in Texas?
vclaim-sno-red-death	A cook attempted to poison George Washington by feeding him tomatoes.	Attempted Tomato Assassination of George Washington
vclaim-sno-red-ensign-scare	The Canadian $2 bill (or $5 bill or $10 bill) depicts the U.S. flag flying over Parliament.	U.S. Flag on Canadian Currency
vclaim-sno-red-food-colorings	The red food colorants cochineal and carmine are made from ground bugs.	Are Some Red Food Colorings Made from Ground Bugs?
vclaim-sno-red-fox-soulmate-video	The red fox will scream when it finds its perfect mate.	A Red Fox Doesn’t Scream When It Finds Its Soulmate
vclaim-sno-red-friday	Wearing red on Fridays will demonstrate support for  troops overseas.	Wear Red on Friday
vclaim-sno-red-haired-teen-sues-his-parents	A boy is suing his parents for allowing him to be born with red hair.	Red-Haired Teen Sues His Parents for $2M for Being Born  “Ginger”
vclaim-sno-red-handed	Red cars are ticketed for speeding more often than vehicles of other colors.	Do Red Cars Get More Speeding Tickets?
vclaim-sno-red-hen-located-666-e-washington	The Red Hen restaurant in Lexington, Virginia is located at 666 E. Washington.	Is the Red Hen Located at 666 E. Washington?
vclaim-sno-red-herring-scare	Ferguson protests were all planned and organized by Communists, as proved by their identifiable and professionally printed signs.	Communists Secretly Organizing ‘Black Lives Matter’ Protests?
vclaim-sno-red-lights-for-anti-gun-solidarity	Activists are lighting their homes red to show solidarity for the anti-gun movement.	Do Red Lights Outside Homes Indicate Anti-Gun Solidarity?
vclaim-sno-red-lobster-closing	The Red Lobster chain is about to close its doors and go out of business for good.	Red Lobster Closing?
vclaim-sno-red-mask-blue-mask-covid	"According to a ""National Mask Code,"" unvaccinated people will have to wear red masks, be restricted from travel, voting, and commerce, and undergo a three-month lockdown. Vaccinated people will wear blue masks and be allowed some travel, regulated commerce, automated voting, and required social distancing."	Will Red or Blue Masks Be Required By ‘National Mask Code’?
vclaim-sno-red-planet-herring	NASA’s Mars rover Curiosity found a fish fossil near the Windjana drilling target.	‘Fish Fossil’ Found by NASA’s Mars Rover; ‘Greatest Discovery’ says NASA Scientists
vclaim-sno-red-ribbon-nurse-abortions	"A provision of New York's Reproductive Health Act states that ""red ribbon nurses"" will kill babies who are abandoned after birth."	Will Red Ribbon Nurses Kill Abandoned Babies Under a 2019 New York Law?
vclaim-sno-red-robin-coupon	An Internet-distributed coupon can be redeemed at Red Robin restaurants for a free hamburger and sundae.	Red Robin Happy Burger-day Coupon
vclaim-sno-red-sky-oregon-photos	Photographs and videos show a blood-red sky over Oregon in late summer 2020.	Do Photos Really Show Red Skies Over Oregon?
vclaim-sno-red-velvet-oreos	Nabisco is producing Red Velvet Oreos for Valentine’s Day 2015.	Red Velvet Oreos for Valentine’s Day?
vclaim-sno-red-white-and-39cue	Organizers of a barbecue event in Alabama forced participants to remove American flags from display.	SHAMEFUL: Alabama BBQ Contest Officials Forced Pitmasters to Remove U.S. Flags
vclaim-sno-red-white-and-stewart	Actress Kristen Stewart trashed the military and defended terrorists during an October 2014 interview.	Did Kristen Stewart Trash the Military and Defend 9/11 Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-redback-spider-warning	A man in Ireland killed by the bite of a deadly redback spider	Killer Toilet Spider Warning
vclaim-sno-redbox-kiosk-ambassadors	"Redbox is hiring ""kiosk ambassadors"" to man their red booths."	Redbox Kiosk Ambassadors
vclaim-sno-reddit-rape-guidelines	An image accurately states the rights a rape or sexual assault victim universally has in the wake of an attack.	Does a Meme Accurately Advise Sexual Assault Victims?
vclaim-sno-redneck-mansion	Photograph shows a “redneck mansion” composed of several linked trailers.	Redneck Mansion
vclaim-sno-redwood-whinery	Artesa Vineyards and Winery is planning to cut down 154 acres of California Redwoods in order to expand their grape growing area.	Spanish Winemaker Obtains Permission to Cut Down 154 Acres of California Redwoods
vclaim-sno-reese-final-column	"Charley Reese penned an editorial about 545 people being ""responsible for the domestic problems that plague"" the U.S."	Charley Reese’s Final Column
vclaim-sno-reeses-maggot-video	A widely circulated video shows two people discovering a maggot infestation inside a Reese’s Peanut Butter Cup.	Maggots In Reese’s Cups
vclaim-sno-reeses-peanut-butter-cups	In September 2017, the makers of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups announced they were discontinuing the candy and withdrawing it from circulation.	Are Reese’s Peanut Butter Cups Going to Be Discontinued?
vclaim-sno-refried-beans	"""Refried beans"" are beans that have been fried more than once."	What Are ‘Refried Beans’?
vclaim-sno-refugee-caravan-border-photo	A photograph shows a male-only refugee caravan approaching the border between the United States and Mexico.	Is This a Picture of a Male-Only Refugee Caravan Heading for U.S. Border?
vclaim-sno-refugee-caravan-trash-picture	A photograph shows trash that was left behind by a caravan of refugees traveling from Honduras to the United States in October 2018.	Does This Photograph Show Trash Left Behind by the Central American Caravan?
vclaim-sno-refugee-invaders-meme	Most refugees are young adult males.	Are Refugees Overwhelmingly Young and Male?
vclaim-sno-refugee-tb-rates-in-san-diego	A study determined that the active tuberculosis incidence rate for refugees in San Diego was more than 100 times higher than it was in the rest of the United States.	Are Refugee Tuberculosis Rates in San Diego ‘More Than 100 Times Greater’ Than the National Average?
vclaim-sno-refugees-paid-retirees	The federal government provides a much greater monthly allowance to refugees than to retirees.	Are Asylum Seekers Paid More Than Social Security Recipients?
vclaim-sno-reggie-the-adopted-lab	An adopted dog's former owner turned out to be a soldier who was killed in Iraq.	Reggie, the Adopted Lab
vclaim-sno-reginald-denny-beating-picture	An old image of truck driver Reginald Denny advocates that drivers not stop for road-blocking protesters.	Old Reginald Denny Beating Picture Circulates Urging Drivers to Run Over Protesters
vclaim-sno-reginald-veljohnson-death-hoax	'Family Matters' star Reginald VelJohnson died of a heart attack in February 2017.	Reginald VelJohnson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-reid-my-lips	Judge William Young delivers stinging rebuke to “shoe bomber” terrorist Richard Reid at his sentencing hearing.	Judge William Young — Shoe Bomber Sentencing
vclaim-sno-reince-priebus-secretary	"White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus sent an e-mail to White House staff directing them to address Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner as ""secretary."""	Reince Priebus Told White House Staff to Address Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner as ‘Secretary’?
vclaim-sno-reindeer-games	All of the reindeer that pull Santa's sleigh are female.	Are Santa’s Reindeer All Female?
vclaim-sno-reindeer-ultraviolet-light	Reindeer are the only mammals capable of seeing ultraviolet light.	Are Reindeer the Only Mammals That Can See Ultraviolet Light?
vclaim-sno-rejection-slip	Applicant turned down for a college position sends the school a letter declining the rejection.	College Rejection Letter
vclaim-sno-relativity	A medical school student prepares to work on a cadaver during a gross anatomy laboratory, only to discover that the one assigned to him for dissection is a relative of his.	Relative’s Cadaver Dissected
vclaim-sno-religious-replicates	Pope Francis declared at the Third Vatican Council that “all religions are true.”	FALSE: Pope Francis Declares All Religions are True
vclaim-sno-religious-service	Delta Air Lines prohibits Jewish passengers and Bibles on all their flights due to an alliance with Saudi Arabian Airlines.	Delta Airlines – No Jews or Bibles
vclaim-sno-remains-buried-vatican	Bone fragments found in the Vatican in late October and early November 2018 belong to two teen girls who were first reported missing in 1983.	Were the Remains of Two Missing Girls Found Buried in the Vatican?
vclaim-sno-remains-kilimanjaro-bible-story	Remains discovered on Mount Kilimanjaro provide evidence to support the story of Joseph, a well-known Bible passage about a drought in what is now Egypt nearly 4,000 years ago.	Do Remains Found on Mt. Kilimanjaro Parallel a Biblical Story?
vclaim-sno-remains-to-be-seen-2	Image shows a fourth-grade science quiz about 'Dinosaurs: Genesis and the Gospel' from a South Carolina school.	4th Grade Science Quiz
vclaim-sno-remdesivir-gilead-conspiracy	A sprawling conspiracy theory proves numerous individuals and organizations schemed to promote the drug Remdesivir as a COVID-19 treatment over the purportedly highly effective Hydroxychloroquine.	Is a Global Conspiracy Promoting Remdesivir Over Hydroxychloroquine for Treating COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-remember-wen	The WEN hair care brand of cleansing conditioner causes hair loss.	WEN Hair Loss Lawsuit
vclaim-sno-remembrance-of-things-pasta	A tradition of celebrating Veterans Day with ravioli dinners was initiated by President Woodrow Wilson in 1919.	Is Ravioli a Traditional Veterans Day Meal?
vclaim-sno-remorseful-car-thieves	Mr. Rogers' car was returned after the thieves who stole it realized it was his.	Did Thieves Return Mr. Rogers’ Car After Realizing It Was His?
vclaim-sno-remote-possibility	Any car equipped with a remote keyless entry system can be unlocked via cell phone.	Will a Cell Phone Unlock Keyless Cars?
vclaim-sno-remove-flag-muslims-offended	A Texas man was forced to take his American flag down because its display threatened Muslims.	Texas Man Forced to Take Down U.S. Flag Because Muslims Were Offended?
vclaim-sno-remove-jesus-please	"A student's school assignment to write an essay on her hero was rejected by her teacher because she chose ""Jesus Christ"" as her subject."	Was a Student’s Assignment Rejected Because She Wrote About Jesus?
vclaim-sno-renee-zellweger	Photographs of Renee Zellweger taken in October 2014 are real and undoctored.	Renee Zellweger
vclaim-sno-repaid-kindness	Dr. Arieh Eldad wrote about a burn center patient turned suicide bomber.	Arieh Eldad on Burn Patient Turned Suicide Bomber
vclaim-sno-repel-tell	Home remedies to repel mosquitoes are effective ways to defend yourself from West Nile Virus.	Mosquito Repellent Lore
vclaim-sno-report-vermont-power-grid-infiltrated-by-russian-hackers	A computer infected by malware proved a Vermont power company has been targeted for disruption by Russian hackers.	Was a Vermont Power Grid Infiltrated by Russian Hackers?
vclaim-sno-reporter-cancer-viewer-spotted	A news reporter in Florida was diagnosed with cancer after a viewer spotted a lump in her throat during a broadcast.	Did a Viewer Spot This TV Reporter’s Cancer?
vclaim-sno-reptilian-humanoid-eyes-real	"A video shows a person with ""reptilian"" eyes."	Are These Reptilian Humanoid Eyes Real?
vclaim-sno-republican-and-democratic-interns	An image shows that Democratic interns are much more diverse as a group than Republican interns.	Diversity Among Democratic and Republic Interns
vclaim-sno-republican-congress-approved-trump-tv	"Congress has approved the creation of a taxpayer-funded network called ""Trump TV."""	Republican Congress Approved ‘Trump TV’?
vclaim-sno-republican-convention-gun-free-zone	"The Republican Party has hypocritically declared their national convention to be a ""gun-free zone."""	Republican Party Declares Their Convention a ‘Gun-Free Zone’
vclaim-sno-republican-dean-browning-gay	"Dean Browning, a white man who previously ran and lost in the 2020 Republican primary for U.S. House Pennsylvania District 7, tweeted, ""I'm a black gay guy"" from his verified Twitter account."	Did Republican Dean Browning Tweet ‘I’m a Black Gay Guy’?
vclaim-sno-republican-impeached-clinton-scandal	All three Speakers of the House involved with the impeachment of President Clinton later had sex scandals of their own.	Clinton Impeachment House Speakers’ Sex Scandals
vclaim-sno-republican-party-hate-group	The Southern Poverty Law Center has officially labeled the Republican party a hate group.	The SPLC Has Not Labeled the Republican Party a Hate Group
vclaim-sno-republican-senate-candidate-tells-melania-trump-to-sterilize-the-white-house	"A Republican Senate candidate called on Melania Trump to ""sterilize"" the White House after the ""animals"" leave."	Republican Senate Candidate Tells Melania Trump to ‘Sterilize’ the White House
vclaim-sno-republican-senators-up-shits-creek	"Republican senators were overheard saying they were ""up shit's creek"" in regards to impeachment proceedings."	Were GOP Senators Overheard Saying ‘We’re Up Shit’s Creek’ About Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-republican-topple-obama-statue	A campus Republican club in Oregon pulled down a statue of former President Barack Obama.	No, a Campus Young Republican Club Didn’t Topple Obama Statue
vclaim-sno-republicans-1928-control	The last time Republicans controlled the presidency and Congress was in 1928, and the U.S. sunk into the Great Depression within a year.	Republicans Last Controlled U.S. Government in 1928 and Depression Followed?
vclaim-sno-republicans-ban-gays-lesbians-adopting	The Republican majority in the House Appropriations Committee voted to approve an amendment allowing taxpayer-funded adoption agencies to deny services to LGBTQ families.	Did Republicans Vote to Make It Legal to Ban Gays and Lesbians from Adopting?
vclaim-sno-repulse-of-the-nation	Photograph shows Nigerian teachers and security guards armed with automatic weapons to protect students from Boko Haram militants.	Nigerian Women Who Repulsed a Boko Haram Attack
vclaim-sno-rescuing-hug	A struggling newborn improved dramatically after being placed in an incubator with her healthy twin sister.	Rescuing Hug
vclaim-sno-research-project-hiv-cure	The Trump Administration’s policies have halted a research effort seeking a cure for HIV.	Did the Trump Administration’s Policies Halt a Research Project Seeking an HIV Cure?
vclaim-sno-reship-of-fools	Aspiring work-at-homers promised big bucks for acting as intermediaries for international transactions wherein they cash checks for other parties have been defrauded by con artists.	Reshipper Scam
vclaim-sno-resident-ebola-2	Image depicts a “captured Ebola victim” who has risen from the dead.	‘Ebola Zombie’ Photograph
vclaim-sno-resident-evil-umbrella-coronavirus	"The fictional ""Umbrella Corporation"" from the game ""Resident Evil"" shares a logo with a biotech lab in Wuhan, Hubei Province in China, where a new coronavirus is believed to have originated."	Is the ‘Umbrella Corporation’ Logo Oddly Similar to a Wuhan Biotech Lab’s?
vclaim-sno-resign-of-the-times	An employee of Zantex Computers penned a scathing resignation letter.	Zantex Resignation Letter
vclaim-sno-rest-in-piece	The mortal remains of Charlie Chaplin were abducted and held for ransom.	Charlie Chaplin Dug Up
vclaim-sno-restaurant-employees-police-song	"Restaurant workers at Smithfield's Chicken & Barbeque Jones Sausage in Raleigh sang ""fuck the police"" at visiting officers."	Did Raleigh Restaurant Employees Sing an Offensive Song at a Group of Police Officers?
vclaim-sno-restaurant-refuse-soldier-massapequa	Massapequa, New York pizza restaurant Villaggio's refused to serve a soldier named John Welch because he visited with a service dog.	Did a New York Restaurant Refuse to Serve a United States Soldier?
vclaim-sno-restaurant-serving-human-meat	Various restaurants around the world were shut down for serving  for serving human meat.	Restaurant Shut Down for Serving Human Meat?
vclaim-sno-restaurant-staff-walks-out-when-obamas-walk-in	The staff at a restaurant in Hawaii walked out in protest over President Obama's visit.	Restaurant Staff Walks Out When Obamas Walk In
vclaim-sno-restroom-purse-theft-warning	Thieves steal women's purses from restroom stalls, then burgle victims' empty houses when victims go to retrieve their 'found' handbags?	Restroom Purse Theft Warning
vclaim-sno-retailers-using-disappearing-ink-receipts-discourage-returns	"Retailers are using ""disappearing ink"" on receipts to limit or enforce a strict window on returns."	Are Retailers Using ‘Disappearing Ink’ on Receipts to Discourage Returns?
vclaim-sno-reticketed	A fan tries to give away tickets to a last-place football team’s game and ends up with more than he started with.	Attempted Football Ticket Giveaway
vclaim-sno-retired-general-trump-threat-national-security	"Retired U.S. Army General Barry McCaffrey opined that President Trump poses a ""serious threat to U.S. national security."""	Did a Retired Army General Call President Trump a ‘Serious Threat to U.S. National Security’?
vclaim-sno-retired-marine-open-letter-nfl	Retired Marine Col. Jeffery Powers penned an open letter to NFL commissioner Roger Goodell describing how he felt about players kneeling during the national anthem.	Did a Retired Marine Write an Open Letter to the NFL’s Roger Goodell About Kneeling Football Players?
vclaim-sno-retired-mi5-agent-confesses-on-deathbed-i-killed-princess-diana	A retired MI5 agent confessed on his death bed to having assassinated Princess Diana.	Did a Retired MI5 Agent Confess to Killing Princess Diana?
vclaim-sno-retro-mcdonalds	A McDonald's in Oregon hasn't been renovated since the 1980s.	Yes, This ‘Retro’ McDonald’s in Oregon Is Real
vclaim-sno-return-to-offender-2	The father of a fallen Marine returned a condolence letter from President Obama with a cutting handwritten response.	Return to Offender
vclaim-sno-return-to-offender	The father of a fallen Marine returned a condolence letter from President Obama with a cutting handwritten response.	Fallen US Marine’s Father Returns Obama’s Condolence Letter with an Incredible Rebuke
vclaim-sno-return-to-sender	Video shows an amazing behind-the-back return by Japanese tennis player Yoshihito Nishioka.	Amazing Behind-the-Back Tennis Return
vclaim-sno-return-to-spender	A determined shopper once recouped a refund for a tire from Nordstrom, a clothier that has never sold tires.	Nordstrom Tire Return
vclaim-sno-reverend-rollbacks	Walmart is funding Al Sharpton.	WalMart Is Funding Al Sharpton?
vclaim-sno-reverse-cavities-with-vitamin-d	A diet rich in vitamin D can reverse tooth decay and regrow portions of teeth lost to cavities.	Reverse Cavities and Heal Tooth Decay with Vitamin D
vclaim-sno-reverse-pin-atm-alarm	Entering your PIN in reverse at any ATM will automatically summon the police.	Will Entering Your PIN in Reverse at an ATM Summon the Police?
vclaim-sno-revocation-of-independence	Former Monty Python member John Cleese penned a satirical piece announcing the revocation of America's independence for failure to elect a competent president.	John Cleese’s Letter to the USA
vclaim-sno-revolving-door-inventor-women	Theophilus Van Kannel, who developed the revolving door, did so because of an aversion to holding open doors for women and other acts of chivalry.	Was the Revolving Door Invented by a Man Who Disliked Holding Open Doors for Women?
vclaim-sno-reynolds-rap-2	An	Reynolds Rap
vclaim-sno-rfiddler-on-the-roof	U.S. schools are requiring children to be implanted with RFID chips in order to curb gun violence.	RFID Chip Implemented in All Public Schools by 2015 – Effort to Curb Gun Violence
vclaim-sno-rhinos-elephants-getting-pink-horns-prevent-poaching	A photograph shows a rhino that was given a pink horn to prevent poaching.	Are Rhinos and Elephants Getting Pink Horns to Prevent Poaching?
vclaim-sno-rhode-island-governor-seize-guns	The governor of Rhode Island signed an executive order allowing the federal government to confiscate people's firearms.	Did Rhode Island’s Governor Sign an Executive Order to Seize Guns?
vclaim-sno-rhode-island-name-change	"The state of Rhode Island is moving to drop the word ""Plantation"" from its official name."	Is Rhode Island Dropping ‘Plantation’ from State Name?
vclaim-sno-ribbon-seal	A photograph captures a rare seal with a symmetrical stripe pattern on its pelt.	Seal with Unusual Stripe-Pattern Markings Spotted in Washington
vclaim-sno-ric-flair-death	WWE wrestler Ric Flair was declared brain dead on 16 May 2019.	Was WWE Wrestler Ric Flair Declared Brain Dead?
vclaim-sno-rice-field-art	Photographs show murals created in planted rice fields.	Rice Field Art
vclaim-sno-rich-sanchez-tweet-rick-sanchez-fired-jew	"NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch tweeted ""I bet [CNN reporter] Rick Sanchez was fired by a Jew."""	Did the NRA’s Dana Loesch Tweet That CNN’s Rick Sanchez Was ‘Fired by a Jew?’
vclaim-sno-richard-blumenthal-vietnam	Senator Richard Blumenthal misrepresented his record of military service during the Vietnam War.	Did Senator Richard Blumenthal Misrepresent His Military Service?
vclaim-sno-richard-branson-trump-revenge	"Virgin Group founder Richard Branson said that years ago Donald Trump spent the entirety of a two-hour lunch vowing to ""spend the rest of his life destroying five people"" who had declined to help him."	Did Richard Branson Say Trump Spent a 2-Hour Lunch Speaking of Revenge?
vclaim-sno-richard-gere-gerbil	Richard Gere was taken to a hospital emergency room to have a gerbil removed from his rectum.	Richard Gere and the Gerbil
vclaim-sno-richard-gere-homeless	After going undercover as homeless man in New York City, actor Richard Gere gave $100 to every homeless person he saw.	Did Richard Gere Go Undercover and Give Money to the Homeless?
vclaim-sno-richard-gere-net-worth	Richard Gere's net worth left his family in tears.	No, Richard Gere’s Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-richard-harrison-pawn-stars-death	"Richard Harrison, known as the ""the Old Man"" on ""Pawn Stars,"" passed away in June 2018."	‘Pawn Stars’ Personality Richard Harrison Dies at 77
vclaim-sno-richard-hayne	Urban Outfitters CEO Richard Hayne donated money to Rick Santorum and opposes gay marriage and abortion.	Richard Hayne
vclaim-sno-richard-karn-death-hoax	"""Home Improvement"" actor Richard Karn died at the age of 69 in 2020."	Did ‘Home Improvement’ Actor Richard Karn Die at Age 69?
vclaim-sno-richard-lamm-on-multiculturalism	Former Colorado governor Richard Lamm delivered a speech on the perils of multiculturalism.	‘I Have a Plan to Destroy America’
vclaim-sno-richard-rose-covid-face-mask	"Richard Rose of Port Clinton, Ohio died of COVID-19 after earlier vowing not to buy a face mask and dismissing advice to use face masks as ""hype."""	Did an Ohio Man Die of COVID-19 After Vowing Not To Wear a Face Mask?
vclaim-sno-richard-sherman-condemns-black-lives-matter	Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman authored an essay criticizing the Black Lives Matter movement.	Seahawks’ Richard Sherman Condemns ‘Black Lives Matter’ Movement
vclaim-sno-richardson-immigration-ban-was-a-shock-event	"Boston-based history professor Heather Richardson surmised President Trump's Executive Order on immigration was a ""shock event."""	Did History Professor Heather Richardson Posit the Immigration Ban Was a ‘Shock Event’?
vclaim-sno-richmond-relocation-poverty	The city of Richmond is evicting low-income residents to decrease the municipal poverty rate.	Richmond Begins Mass Relocation of Low Income Blacks to Decrease City Poverty Rate?
vclaim-sno-rick-perry-instagram-hoax	U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry posted a legal-notice hoax to his Instagram account.	Did Rick Perry Fall For A Years-Old Social Media Privacy Hoax?
vclaim-sno-rick-perry-speech	Transcript reproduces a speech given by Texas governor Rick Perry.	Rick Perry Speech
vclaim-sno-rick-scott-critical-condition	On 11 September 2017, Florida Governor Rick Scott was taken to hospital after being injured during a Hurricane Irma cleanup operation.	Florida Governor Rick Scott Critically Injured During Hurricane Irma Cleanup?
vclaim-sno-rick-scott-health-care	"U.S. President Donald Trump has put Florida U.S. Sen. Rick Scott ""in charge of Republican healthcare"" reform."	Did Trump Put Rick Scott ‘in Charge of Republican Healthcare’?
vclaim-sno-rick-scott-shelter-dog	Florida governor Rick Scott adopted a rescue dog during his campaign and returned it once he was elected.	Did Rick Scott Return a Rescue Dog After an Election?
vclaim-sno-rick-warren-changes-name-to-muhammad-hussein-warren	"Pastor Rick Warren of Saddleback Church changed his name to ""Muhammad Hussein Warren."""	Rick Warren Changes Name to ‘Muhammad Hussein Warren’
vclaim-sno-rick-wiles-trump-impeachment	"Rick Wiles said U.S. congressional impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump amounted to a ""Jew coup."""	Did Pastor Rick Wiles Call Trump Impeachment a ‘Jew Coup’?
vclaim-sno-rick-williams-obamas-mansion	"President Obama fired Rear Admiral Rick Williams for ""questioning"" the President's purported recent purchase of a mansion in Dubai."	FALSE: Admiral Fired for Exposing Obama’s Dubai Mansion Purchase
vclaim-sno-ricky-ellsworth-black-cop	A photograph shows Ricky Ellsworth, a white woman who was killed by a black police officer in Minnesota.	Is This ‘Ricky Ellsworth,’ a White Woman Killed by Black Minnesota Cop?
vclaim-sno-ridden-to-distraction	Expectant mother produces growing cascade of guffaws by reseating herself under a series of ads on a bus.	Pregnant Bus Rider
vclaim-sno-rigged-tornado	Photograph taken in  west Texas shows a tornado funnel and lightning bolt alongside a drilling rig.	Drilling Rig Tornado
vclaim-sno-right-said-fred	Notorious homophobe and Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps made a deathbed confession that he was gay.	Westboro Baptist Church Fred Phelp’s Deathbed Confession
vclaim-sno-right-to-resist-unlawful-arrest	United States citizens have the right to resist unlawful arrest.	Do U.S. Citizens Have the Right to Resist ‘Unlawful Arrest’?
vclaim-sno-rights-rollback	WalMart has put all their Christian employees on a ‘watch list’ for the reporting of anti-gay behavior.	WalMart Puts Christian Employees on ‘Watch List’?
vclaim-sno-rihanna-holding-pakistan-flag	A photograph shows musician Rihanna holding the flag of Pakistan.	Does a Photo Show Rihanna Holding a Pakistan Flag?
vclaim-sno-rihanna-senegal-illuminati	Rihanna was barred from entering Senegal on the grounds that she was suspected of being part of the Illuminati.	Was Rihanna Banned From Senegal For Being Part of the ‘Illuminati’?
vclaim-sno-rihanna-snapchat	Rihanna's Instagram message to followers to throw away the Snapchat app caused the company's share value to fall by hundreds of millions of dollars in one day.	Did an Instagram Post by Rihanna Cause Snapchat’s Stock Market Value to Fall?
vclaim-sno-ring-around-rosie	"The nursery rhyme ""Ring Around the Rosie"" is a coded reference to the Black Plague."	Is ‘Ring Around the Rosie’ About the Black Plague?
vclaim-sno-ringing-labelle	Singer Patti Labelle was arrested after attacking Aretha Franklin at an Atlanta concert.	Patti Labelle Arrested After Fist Fight with Aretha Franklin
vclaim-sno-rio-macaw-extinct	The macaw species from the “Rio” movies has been declared extinct in the wild.	Has the Macaw Species from ‘Rio’ Movies Been Declared Extinct in the Wild?
vclaim-sno-riot-act	George Soros donated $33 million to fund rioting Ferguson protest groups.	Did George Soros Fund Ferguson Protests and Black Lives Matter?
vclaim-sno-riot-gear-violin-vigil-mcclain	"Police wearing riot gear in Aurora, Colorado disrupted a peaceful ""violin vigil"" in memory of Elijah McClain, in June 2020."	Did Police in Riot Gear Disrupt a Violin Vigil for Elijah McClain?
vclaim-sno-riot-mall-of-america-georgefloyd	Viral video shows a riot taking place in the Mall of America as protests erupted in response to the death of George Floyd in May 2020.	Is This Video of a Riot at the Mall of America?
vclaim-sno-riot-pact	President Obama secretly met with Ferguson protesters and urged them to “stay on course.”	President Obama Secretly Met with Ferguson Protesters?
vclaim-sno-riot-proof	Certain dining halls, libraries, dorms, and quads have been specifically designed to make it easier for police to quell riots that might break out there.	Riot Proof College Halls
vclaim-sno-riot-whacked	A protester in Ferguson, Missouri, accidentally burned down his own house.	Ferguson Protester Accidentally Burns Down Own House
vclaim-sno-rioters-capitol-flagpole	During the Jan. 6, 2021, riots in the District of Columbia over the outcome of the 2020 general election, a mob broke into the U.S. Capitol using a flagpole.	Did Rioters Break into US Capitol Using American Flagpole?
vclaim-sno-rip-guy-fieri	Celebrity chef Guy Fieri has passed away at the age of 47.	Is Celebrity Chef Guy Fieri Dead?
vclaim-sno-ripken-baseball-card	Bill Ripken's 1989 Fleer baseball card includes a hidden obscenity.	Billy Ripken’s “F**k Face” Baseball Card
vclaim-sno-ripon-college-9-11-memorial	"Ripon College banned a campus group's display of a poster commemorating 9/11 because ""it may offend Muslims."""	Did Ripon College Ban a 9/11 Memorial Because ‘It May Offend Muslims’?
vclaim-sno-rising-son	President Obama’s 19-year-old son appeared at the Democratic National Convention.	Obama’s 19-Year-Old Son Makes Rare Appearance at DNC
vclaim-sno-risk-o-inferno	People shouldn’t wear seat belts because they might not be able to escape from their vehicles in car fires.	Seatbelt Risk
vclaim-sno-risque-anderson-cooper-photograph	A photograph shows CNN reporter Anderson Cooper seductively posing in his underwear.	Risqué Anderson Cooper Photograph
vclaim-sno-risque-prom-dress	A photograph depicts a young woman's revealing (and highly inappropriate) high school prom dress.	Risqué Prom Dress
vclaim-sno-rite-aid	A Rite Aid store posted a sign prohibiting “same-sex activity.”	Anti-Gay Sign at Rite Aid
vclaim-sno-rittenhouse-lawyer-kenosha-war	"Attorney John Pierce, who is representing 17-year-old Kyle Rittenhouse, said in a tweet his client will ""go down in history"" for starting a second American Revolutionary War."	Did Lawyer for Alleged Kenosha Shooter Say He Will Be Known for Starting 2nd Revolutionary War?
vclaim-sno-river-fish	Photographs show a dead mermaid found in Bulgaria’s Vladaya River.	Dead Mermaid Found in River Vladaya, Bulgaria
vclaim-sno-rivers-of-blood-in-dhaka-bangladesh	The streets in some parts of Dhaka, Bangladesh were awash in bloody water after mass animal sacrifices took place on the Islamic holiday Eid al-Adha.	‘Rivers of Blood’ Flow in Bangladesh After Muslim Festival of Sacrifice
vclaim-sno-rnc-block-trump-challenge	The Republican National Committee has barred any intraparty challenges to President Donald Trump's bid for re-election.	Did the RNC Block Challengers to Trump’s Re-Election?
vclaim-sno-rnc-chairwoman-deleted-tweet	Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel published and later deleted a tweet that suggested a U.S. future under a Joe Biden-Kamala Harris presidential administration.	Did the RNC Chairwoman Delete a Tweet Suggesting Biden Won?
vclaim-sno-rnc-masks-social-distancing	Hundreds of people at the 2020 Republican National Convention in Washington, D.C., ignored mask-wearing and social-distancing recommendations as Trump officially accepted the Republican nomination.	Did RNC Attendees Forgo Masks And Social Distancing?
vclaim-sno-rnc-office-clinton-evidence	A fire at a Republican National Committee office in Stepford, Connecticut, destroyed potentially incriminating evidence related to Hillary Clinton.	Was an RNC Office That Held Clinton Evidence ‘Burned to the Ground’?
vclaim-sno-rnc-reportedly-adopts-conversion-therapy-as-2016-platform-plank	The Republican National Committed has officially adopted support for the discredited practice of conversion therapy for gay people as part of their platform.	RNC Reportedly Adopts Conversion Therapy as 2016 Platform Plank
vclaim-sno-rnc-speaker-lineup	A meme accurately lists six of the speakers scheduled to appear at the Republican National Convention in August 2020.	Is This a Real Lineup of Speakers at the Republican National Convention?
vclaim-sno-rnc-video-biden-america	"A video clip from Barcelona was shown at the Republican National Convention (RNC) to depict violence in ""Biden's America."""	Did RNC Video Depict Rioting in ‘Biden’s America’ Using Barcelona Footage?
vclaim-sno-road-rage-russia	A dashcam video shows a road rage incident in Russia in which a woman knocks out a much larger man with a roundhouse kick.	Is This a Road Rage Incident in Russia?
vclaim-sno-road-runner-tunnel-crash-rumor	A driver drove into a wall painted to look like a tunnel in a manner similar to Looney Tunes' Road Runner cartoons.	Road Runner Tunnel Crash
vclaim-sno-roads-scholars	Pranking college students pit street repair crew and police against each other.	Roadwork Prank
vclaim-sno-roald-dahl-and-the-measles	In 1988 author Roald Dahl penned an open letter urging parents to have their children vaccinated against measles.	Did Roald Dahl Urge Parents to Vaccinate Their Children?
vclaim-sno-rob-cantrell-screaming-protest	A photograph shows Rob Cantrell, a member of the far-right group Proud Boys, screaming at an officer during an anti-lockdown protest in Michigan.	Was ‘Proud Boy’ Rob Cantrell Seen Screaming at Cop at Anti-Lockdown Protest?
vclaim-sno-rob-donaldson-amy-coney-barrett	Sen. Rob Donaldson gave a speech opposing Amy Coney Barrett's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Did Sen. Rob Donaldson Make a Speech on Amy Coney Barrett’s Nomination?
vclaim-sno-rob-oswald-covid-hoax	Virologist Dr. Rob Oswald wrote a lengthy Facebook post calling COVID-19 a hoax.	Did Dr. Rob Oswald Claim  COVID-19 Was a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-rob-zombie-academy-awards	Rob Zombie was kicked out of the 88th Academy Awards.	No, Rob Zombie Wasn’t Kicked Out of the Oscars
vclaim-sno-robbers-throwing-eggs-car-windshields	Robbers are flinging eggs at cars to impair drivers' vision and force them to stop.	Robbers Throwing Eggs at Car Windshields?
vclaim-sno-robert-byrd-kkk-photo	A photograph shows former Senator Robert Byrd wearing Ku Klux Klan robes.	Senator Robert Byrd in Ku Klux Klan Garb?
vclaim-sno-robert-de-niro-went-off-on-donald-trump	Actor Robert De Niro blasted Donald Trump in a video meant to encourage people to vote.	Robert De Niro ‘Went Off’ on Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-robert-duvall-death-hoax	Actor Robert Duvall  was killed in a fall from a cliff while filming in New Zealand.	‘Robert Duvall Killed in Fall from Cliff’ Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-robert-e-lee-20-bill	In September 2017, the United States Treasury announced plans to produce a new $20 bill featuring the face of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.	Did the United States Treasury Announce Plans to Put Robert E. Lee on the New $20 Bill?
vclaim-sno-robert-e-lee-confederate-monuments	Between the end of the Civil War and his death, former Confederate General Robert E. Lee expressed opposition to the building of Confederate monuments.	Was Robert E. Lee Opposed to Confederate Monuments?
vclaim-sno-robert-e-lee-statue-spraypainted	A photograph shows a statue of U.S. Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee that was marked with graffiti during the 2020 George Floyd protests.	Was Robert E. Lee Statue Spray-Painted During 2020 Protests?
vclaim-sno-robert-gallo-invented-hiv-aids	"Dr. Robert Gallo admitted to ""inventing"" the HIV virus in a plot to ""depopulate humanity."""	Did the Man Who Discovered the HIV Virus Confess to ‘Inventing’ It?
vclaim-sno-robert-lee-jefferson-davis-disavow-confederacy	Both Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis disavowed the Confederacy after the Civil War.	The Post-Civil War Lives of Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis
vclaim-sno-robert-mueller-in-vietnam	A photograph shows Robert Mueller in Vietnam in 1969.	Is This a Photograph of Robert Mueller in Vietnam?
vclaim-sno-robert-mueller-one-world-government-quote	"Robert Mueller called for a switch to a ""One-World"" system of leadership, religion, and government."	Did Robert Mueller Say He Supported a ‘One-World Government’?
vclaim-sno-robert-redford-and-meryl-streep-not-married	Actors Robert Redford and Meryl Streep are married to each other (or planning to be).	Robert Redford and Meryl Streep: Not a Couple
vclaim-sno-robert-redford-nodding-meme	A viral meme of a man nodding features Oscar-winning actor Robert Redford.	Is Robert Redford the ‘Nodding Meme’ Guy?
vclaim-sno-robert-reichs-rules-2018	"Author Robert Reich published a list of ten rules to help ""resist"" the Trump administration in 2018."	Robert Reich’s Rules for 2018?
vclaim-sno-robert-smalls-steal-ship	A man named Robert Smalls escaped slavery, along with his family and other slaves, by stealing a Confederate ship and was later elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.	Did Robert Smalls Steal a Confederate Ship to Rescue Himself and Others from Slavery?
vclaim-sno-robin-williams-daughter	Robin Williams acted in movies with his daughter, Mara Wilson.	Did Robin Williams Act in Movies with ‘Daughter’ Mara Wilson?
vclaim-sno-robin-williams-goodbye-video	Video shows ‘goodbye’ message recorded by Robin Williams just prior to his suicide.	Robin Williams ‘Goodbye’ Video
vclaim-sno-robin-williams-helps-the-homeless	Comedian Robin Williams used contract riders to perform acts of kindness to homeless people.	Did Robin Williams’ Contracts Help the Homeless?
vclaim-sno-robin-williams-worst-thing-in-life	"The quote ""I used to think the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It’s not. The worst thing in life is ending up with people who make you feel all alone” originated with Robin Williams."	Did Robin Williams Say the ‘Worst Thing in Life is Ending Up With People Who Make You Feel All Alone’?
vclaim-sno-roblox	Children's iPad app 'Roblox' is dangerous and enables predators to easily target children without parental knowledge of the interactions.	Does the iPad App ‘Roblox’ Dangerously Expose Children to Predators?
vclaim-sno-robot-child-support	"A woman posing as a ""sex robot"" became pregnant and filed a child support claim against her unsuspecting customer."	Did a Woman Pretending to Be a Sex Robot File for Child Support?
vclaim-sno-robots-dancing-shanghai-disneyland	A video accurately depicts robot ballroom dancers created in China, performing at the Shanghai Disneyland Resort. The robots are human-like, with realistic facial expressions and movement.	Are These Really Robots Ballroom Dancing at Shanghai Disneyland?
vclaim-sno-rochestersilver-lake-park-abduction-warning	Police in Rochester, Minnesota, assessed that an encounter with three Middle-Eastern men at Silver Lake Park was an attempted human trafficking incident.	Rochester/Silver Lake Park Abduction Warning
vclaim-sno-rock-hounded	Tourists who have taken rocks from Hawaiian beaches have returned them in hopes of ending streaks of bad luck.	Pele and Lava Rocks
vclaim-sno-rock-of-aegis-2	A rock to which a goat is tethered is heaved down a hole in the ground, taking the goat with it.	Hanged Goat
vclaim-sno-rock-star-david-bowie	"In an interview that published widely in 1976, David Bowie said he believed in fascism and that ""Adolf Hitler was one of the first rock stars."""	Did David Bowie Say He Supports Fascism and Call Hitler a ‘Rock Star’?
vclaim-sno-rock-star-stomach-pump	After collapsing at a post-concert party, a rock star was rushed to an emergency room, where doctors pumped a pint of semen out of his (or her) stomach.	Rock Star ‘Stomach Pump’ Legend
vclaim-sno-rockefeller-christmas-trees-real	Photographs show the 2020 Rockefeller Center Christmas tree in New York City.	Are These Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Images Real?
vclaim-sno-rockefeller-operation-lockstep	"The COVID-19 pandemic was planned by the Rockefeller Foundation in ""Operation Lockstep."""	Was the COVID-19 Pandemic Planned in Rockefeller’s ‘Operation Lockstep’?
vclaim-sno-rockies-selling-pot-brownies-at-coors-field	The Colorado Rockies will be selling pot brownies at Coors Field concession stands .	Colorado Rockies Baseball Team to Sell Marijuana Brownies at Their Concession Stands?
vclaim-sno-rockmelt-virus-warning	Invitations sent from the RockMelt browser harbor viruses.	RockMelt Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-rocky-of-ages	Actor Sylvester Stallone recently announced he “has surrendered	FALSE: Sylvester Stallone Finds Religion
vclaim-sno-roderick-scott	Roderick Scott was acquitted after shooting a teenager who was breaking into cars.	Roderick Scott
vclaim-sno-rodney-king-camera	The video camera George Holliday used to film Los Angeles police officers beating Rodney King in 1991 is being auctioned off.	Is the Camera That Recorded Police Beating Rodney King Up for Auction?
vclaim-sno-roethlisberger-loses-multiple-fingers	Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger lost several fingers in a fireworks accident on 4 July 2017.	Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger Loses Multiple Fingers in 4th of July Firework Accident?
vclaim-sno-roger-ailes-truth-believe	Fox News Channel CEO Roger Ailes said that 'the truth is whatever people will believe.'	Roger Ailes: ‘The Truth Is Whatever People Will Believe’
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-hillary-prison-merch	Roger Stone once marketed 'Hillary for Prison' merchandise.	Did Roger Stone Sell ‘Hillary for Prison’ Merchandise?
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-martial-law-trump	In September 2020, Roger Stone said U.S. President Donald Trump should, if he loses the November election, declare martial law.	Did Roger Stone Say Trump Should Declare Martial Law If He Loses Election?
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-nixon-tattoo	American political consultant Roger Stone has a tattoo of Richard Nixon on his back.	Does Roger Stone Have a Tattoo of Richard Nixon on His Back?
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-proud-boys	A photograph shows Roger Stone and members of the Proud Boys flashing a white power symbol.	Is This Roger Stone and Proud Boys Flashing a White Power Symbol?
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-rap	"Roger Stone filmed a rap ""music video"" during the CPAC 2021 conference."	Did Roger Stone Record a Rap ‘Music Video’ Outside CPAC 2021?
vclaim-sno-roger-stone-richard-nixon	"Roger Stone was an ""aide"" or an ""adviser"" to 37th U.S. President Richard Nixon."	Was Roger Stone an Adviser to President Richard Nixon?
vclaim-sno-rogue-amazon-drone-white-house	A rogue Amazon drone attempted to deliver a bomb to the White House.	Rogue Amazon Drone Delivers Bomb to White House?
vclaim-sno-roku-secret-screen	"Pressing a specific sequence of buttons on a Roku player remote control makes a ""secret screen"" appear."	Does the Roku Player Have a ‘Secret Screen’?
vclaim-sno-role-model	President George W. Bush cited actor Bob Denver as his role model.	Did President Bush Cite Actor Bob Denver as His Role Model?
vclaim-sno-roling-with-the-punches	Tom Cruise said that “being an actor is like serving in Afghanistan.”	Tom Cruise: Acting Is Like Fighting in Afghanistan
vclaim-sno-rolled-oaths	Daughter of murder victims decries the removal of “So help me God” from the oath trial witnesses are sworn by.	Daughter of Murder Victims Speaks Out
vclaim-sno-roller-coaster-accident-video	Links posted on Facebook point to a leaked video of a roller coaster accident.	Facebook: Leaked Roller Coaster Accident Video
vclaim-sno-rollman-farms-sign	A photograph shows a racist sign that was displayed on a farm in southern Illinois.	Was a Racist Sign Displayed at Rollman Farms in Shawneetown, Illinois?
vclaim-sno-romney-biden-daily-world	U.S. Sen. Mitt Romney endorsed 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden.	Did Mitt Romney Endorse Joe Biden?
vclaim-sno-romney-votes-switched-obama	Votes cast for Mitt Romney during the 2012 election were switched to President Barack Obama.	Were Votes Switched from Romney to Obama in 2012?
vclaim-sno-ron-howard-i-am-liberal-essay	"Director Ron Howard penned an essay starting ""I am a liberal, but that doesn't mean what a lot of you apparently think it does."""	Did Ron Howard Pen the ‘I Am a Liberal’ Essay?
vclaim-sno-ron-howard-moon-hoax	A clip from the show 'Arrested Development' featuring Ron Howard is proof that the 1969 moon landing was fake.	Ron Howard Didn’t Say That the 1969 Moon Landing Was Fake
vclaim-sno-ron-paul-call-congress-psychopathic-authoritarians	In his farewell address to the House of Representatives in 2012, Ron Paul described Congress as “a bunch of psychopathic authoritarians.”	Did Ron Paul Call Congress “A Bunch of Psychopathic Authoritarians”?
vclaim-sno-ron-paul-vid-masks-dont-work	"A video of former Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul accurately claimed ""masks don't work"" to prevent the spread of COVID-19."	Is Ron Paul Video True in Saying ‘Masks Don’t Work’ To Combat COVID?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-alzheimers-disease	Ronald Reagan, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's Disease five years after he left the presidency, was actually suffering from the disease while he was in office.	Did Ronald Reagan Have Alzheimer’s Disease While in Office?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-border-wall-idea	President Ronald Reagan tried for eight years to build a border wall but was unable to do so.	Did Ronald Reagan Try for Eight Years to Build a Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-casablanca	Ronald Reagan was the original choice to play a lead role in the 1942 film 'Casablanca.'	Was Ronald Reagan Slated to Play the Lead in ‘Casablanca’?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-demagogues-trade-war	President Reagan warned the public against demagogues who advocated a trade war against America's friendly trading partners in the name of protectionism.	Did Ronald Reagan Warn Against ‘Demagogues’ Willing to Declare a Trade War Against America’s Friends?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-fairness-doctrine	Ronald Reagan's Federal Communications Commission abolished the Fairness Doctrine, clearing the path for the emergence of Fox News.	Did Ronald Reagan Pave the Way for Fox News?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-fascism-liberalism	"Ronald Reagan said, ""If fascism ever comes to America, it will come in the name of liberalism."""	Ronald Reagan: ‘If Fascism Ever Comes to America, It Will Come in the Name of Liberalism’
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-golfing-1983-beirut-attack	Ronald Reagan went golfing after the 1983 terrorist bombing of a U.S. Marines barrack in Beirut.	Ronald Reagan Went Golfing After 1983 Beirut Attack
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-jacket-oval-office	Ronald Reagan never occupied the Oval Office without a jacket on.	Did Ronald Reagan Always Wear a Jacket in the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-keep-voting-democrat	"Ronald Reagan said that people should ""keep voting Democrat"" if they want to have their freedoms restricted."	Did Ronald Reagan Say ‘Keep Voting Democrat’ If You Want Freedoms Restricted?
vclaim-sno-ronald-reagan-taliban-photo	A photograph shows Ronald Reagan meeting with Taliban leaders in 1985 and comparing them to the founding fathers of the United States.	Is This Ronald Reagan Meeting with Taliban Leaders at the White House?
vclaim-sno-ronda-rousey-death-hoax	MMA fighter Ronda Rousey has been found dead in her bathtub.	Ronda Rousey Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-room-for-one-more	A menacing dream prevents a woman from being killed in an accident.	Room for One More
vclaim-sno-room-service	A public high school in Hilliard, Ohio, hosts a Muslim prayer room.	Does Hilliard High School Have a Muslim Prayer Room?
vclaim-sno-roosevelt-answer-to-terrorism	"Theodore Roosevelt said: ""There is but one answer to terrorism and it is best delivered with a Winchester rifle."""	Did Teddy Roosevelt Say the ‘One Answer to Terrorism’ Is a Winchester Rifle?
vclaim-sno-roosh-v-43-countries	"Men's rights activist ""Roosh V"" organized a ""make rape legal"" event across 43 countries on 6 February 2016."	Cancelled: So-Called ‘Make Rape Legal’ International Event
vclaim-sno-root-beer-flavored-vape-juice	A photograph shows a root beer-flavored vape juice-flavored root beer beverage.	Is This Root Beer-Flavored Vape Juice-Flavored Root Beer Real?
vclaim-sno-root-canal-cancer	Medical research has established a causative link between root canals and cancer mortality.	Have 97 Percent of Terminal Cancer Victims Undergone Root Canals?
vclaim-sno-roots-devils-tower	A large root system was discovered below Devil's Tower in Wyoming.	Was a Giant System of Roots Discovered Below the Devil’s Tower Rock Formation?
vclaim-sno-rope-a-dope	A farmer who attempted to rope a deer described the hilariously painful experience.	Rope-a-Dope Deer
vclaim-sno-rosanne-boyland-trampled-flag	"Rosanne Boyland was trampled to death at the U.S. Capitol riot in January 2021 after carrying a Gadsden flag that read ""Don't tread on me."""	Did Woman Who Died at Capitol Riot Carry a ‘Don’t Tread on Me’ Flag?
vclaim-sno-rose-garden-hedges-kkk	"Hedges at the newly renovated White House Rose Garden spell out ""KKK."""	No, the White House Rose Garden Doesn’t Spell Out ‘KKK’
vclaim-sno-roses-car-kentucky-sex-trafficking	A Facebook post shows evidence of a sex trafficking scheme involving contaminated roses placed on cars in Kentucky in late 2019.	Are Roses on Cars Part of a Kentucky Sex Trafficking Plot?
vclaim-sno-rosie-odonnell-arrested-bribery	Comedian Rosie O’Donnell was taken into custody by federal authorities over a controversial political tweet.	Was Rosie O’Donnell Arrested for Trying to Bribe Lawmakers?
vclaim-sno-rosie-odonnell-period-blood	"During a radio interview, Rosie O'Donnell said, ""I'd like to take my period blood and smear it all over Christians' [or pro-life people's] faces."""	What Rosie O’Donnell Really Said She’d Like to Do with Her Period Blood
vclaim-sno-rothschild-family-wealth	The Rothschild Family owns 80% of the world's wealth, with a net worth of $500 trillion.	Rothschild Family Wealth
vclaim-sno-round-rock	Groups of gang members are committing robberies and carjackings in Round Rock, Texas.	Round Rock Gangs
vclaim-sno-roundabout-bridge	Photograph shows a circular bridge.	Roundabout Bridge
vclaim-sno-rowan-atkinson-death-hoax	British actor Rowan Atkinson, best known as 'Mr. Bean,' has died.	Rowan Atkinson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-roy-moore-authored-a-textbook-which-argued-that-women-shouldnt-hold-political-office	Former Alabama judge Roy Moore authored a chapter in a 2011 textbook arguing that women should not hold political office	Did Roy Moore Author a Textbook That Argued Women Shouldn’t Hold Political Office?
vclaim-sno-roy-moore-doug-jones-and-more-votes-than-voters	Roy Moore received 953 votes and Doug Jones 5,327 — in a town with just 1,867 registered voters.	Did Roy Moore Receive 953 Votes to Doug Jones’ 5,327 in a Town of 1,867 Registered Voters?
vclaim-sno-roy-moore-muslims-serve-congress	U.S. Senate candidate from Alabama Roy Moore said that a practicing Muslim should not be allowed to serve in Congress by reason of his faith.	Did Roy Moore Say Muslims Shouldn’t Be Allowed to Serve in Congress?
vclaim-sno-roy-moores-accusers-arrested-charged-falsification	Roy Moore's accuser was arrested and charged with falsification of a yearbook entry attributed to Moore.	Was One of Roy Moore’s Accusers Arrested and Charged With ‘Falsification’?
vclaim-sno-royal-caribbeans-sinks-carnival-cruise	"A Royal Caribbean vessel fired upon and sank a Carnival Cruise liner in ""disputed waters"" on the high seas."	Did Shelling from Royal Caribbean’s M.S. ‘Allure’ Sink a Carnival Cruise Vessel?
vclaim-sno-royal-family-affair-rumors	"The truth has been revealed about ""the William and Kate affair rumors."""	Were Royal Family Affair Rumors ‘Revealed’?
vclaim-sno-royal-pains	Letter from Royal Mail’s customer services department asks a local resident to stop pranking postal employees.	Letter from Royal Mail to Prankster
vclaim-sno-royally-screwed	Hapless video poker player who was dealt a royal flush lost his jackpot because he failed to mark all the cards as held before pushing the “Deal” button.	Royally Screwed
vclaim-sno-rubber-band-home-invasion-warning	A photograph shows a new home invasion technique featuring rubber bands and door handles.	Robbers Using Rubber Bands to Break Into Houses?
vclaim-sno-rubber-bawl	‘Dear Abby’ letter details unusual test posed to young man by his fiancée’s parents.	Groom Test
vclaim-sno-rubber-check	Rubber tires protect a car’s inhabitants during lightning strikes.	Tires Protect Car from Lightning?
vclaim-sno-rubber-duck-armada	A photograph shows thousands of rubber ducks lost at sea in 1992.	Rubber Duck Armada
vclaim-sno-rubio-god-needs-me	Marco Rubio said the Orlando shooting was a clear signal that God wanted him to serve in the Senate.	Rubio: ‘God Killed Gays in Orlando to Signal He Needs Me Back in the Senate’
vclaim-sno-ruby-freeman-arrested-by-fbi	The FBI arrested Georgia election worker Ruby Freeman in December 2020.	Ruby Freeman Was Not Arrested by the FBI
vclaim-sno-ruby-tuesday-closing	Ruby Tuesday is going out of business in 2020.	Is Ruby Tuesday Closing Permanently?
vclaim-sno-rudolph-red-nosed-reindeer	The character 'Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer' was created by a father to bring comfort to his daughter as her mother was dying of cancer.	The Origins of Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
vclaim-sno-rudy-giuliani-banned-from-twitter-for-pizzagate-tweets	Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani was suspended from Twitter after sending messages about Pizzagate.	‘Rudy Giuliani’ Banned From Twitter for Pizzagate Tweets
vclaim-sno-rudy-giuliani-disbarred	U.S. President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani has been disbarred for his role in inciting the attack on the U.S. Capitol by Trump supporters.	Has Rudy Giuliani Been Disbarred?
vclaim-sno-rudy-giuliani-hair-melt	Photographs show U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Rudolph Giuliani, with hair dye melting down his face during a news conference.	Did Rudy Giuliani’s Hair Dye ‘Melt’ During a News Conference?
vclaim-sno-ruin-nation	The remains of an ancient city were discovered in the Australian desert.	Ruins of Ancient City Discovered in Australian Desert
vclaim-sno-rumblr	The Rumblr mobile app enables users to find locals with whom they may arrange street fights.	Will the Rumblr App Help You Find Street-Fighting Opponents?
vclaim-sno-rumor-alert-biden-michigan-votes	Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden received 100% of 128,000 new votes counted in Michigan.	RUMOR ALERT: Biden Did Not Receive 100% of 128K New Votes in Michigan
vclaim-sno-rumors-about-target	Various rumors about the Target chain of retail stores (see below).	Rumors About Target
vclaim-sno-rumors-of-war	Account describes Israel’s preparations for an imminent military attack on Iran.	Israel Prepares for War with Iran?
vclaim-sno-run-over-trump-protesters	A video shows a car driving through a crowd of anti-Trump protesters on the highway.	Did a Car Run Over Trump Protesters on a Highway?
vclaim-sno-runs-of-luck	A case of the runs led to one of	Raiders of the Lost Ark
vclaim-sno-rupaul-claims-trump-touched-him	Famous drag queen RuPaul claimed he was groped by Donald Trump at a party in 1995.	Did RuPaul Claim Trump Touched Him Inappropriately in the 1990s?
vclaim-sno-rush-compassion-welfare	Rush Limbaugh once said, “Liberals measure compassion by how many people are given welfare. Conservatives measure compassion by how many people no longer need it.”	Did Rush Limbaugh Say This About Liberal vs. Conservative Views on Compassion?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-chelsea-clinton	Radio host Rush Limbaugh once referred to 12-year-old Chelsea Clinton as a dog.	Did Rush Limbaugh Refer to 12-Year-Old Chelsea Clinton as a Dog?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-covid-common-cold	"Rush Limbaugh said in February 2020: ""Yeah, I'm dead right on this. The coronavirus is the common cold, folks."""	Did Rush Limbaugh Downplay COVID as ‘the Common Cold’?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-draft	Talk radio host Rush Limbaugh was disqualified from the Vietnam-era draft due to a pilonidal cyst.	Did Rush Limbaugh Avoid the Draft Due to an Anal Cyst?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-marriage-children	While opining on the topic of gay marriage, Rush Limbaugh said “Marriage is about raising children. That’s the purpose of the institution.”	Did Rush Limbaugh Say the Purpose of Marriage Is Raising Children?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-medal-tarnished	"In February 2020, Rush Limbaugh said receiving the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom was ""less of an honor"" after learning it had previously been given to Rosa Parks and Maya Angelou."	Did Rush Limbaugh Say Presidential Medal Was Tarnished by Rosa Parks and Maya Angelou?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-michael-j-fox	"Radio host Rush Limbaugh once claimed that actor Michael J. Fox was ""exaggerating"" his Parkinson's disease symptoms in a political ad."	Did Rush Limbaugh Accuse Michael J. Fox of Exaggerating His Parkinson’s Symptoms?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-mock-aids-gays	"Radio host Rush Limbaugh had an ""AIDS Update"" segment that mocked the deaths of gay people."	Did Rush Limbaugh’s ‘AIDS Update’ Mock the Deaths of Gay People?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-nicotine-addictive	"Rush Limbaugh once said, ""It has not been proven that nicotine is addictive."""	Did Rush Limbaugh Say Nicotine Was Not Proven To Be Addictive?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-racist-quotes	A list documents racist statements made by conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh.	Did Rush Limbaugh Utter All These ‘Racist’ Statements?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-retire-cancer	"After publicly announcing his cancer diagnosis in February 2020, Rush Limbaugh retired from the ""Rush Limbaugh Show."""	Did Rush Limbaugh Retire After Cancer Diagnosis?
vclaim-sno-rush-limbaugh-troops-welfare-queens	"Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh once called U.S. troops ""welfare queens"" and ""moochers."""	Did Rush Limbaugh Call Troops ‘Welfare Queens,’ ‘Moochers’?
vclaim-sno-russell-johnson-zodiac-killer	Actor Russell Johnson of	Hollywood Shocker: ‘Gilligan’s Island’ Star Turns Out to Be Zodiac Killer
vclaim-sno-russell-walker-candidate	Russell Walker, a candidate running as a Republican in the North Carolina general election, said 'God Is a Racist and White Supremacist' among other racist comments.	Did N.C. Republican Candidate Russell Walker Say ‘God Is a Racist and a White Supremacist’?
vclaim-sno-russia-blue-dogs	A pack of stray dogs in Russia was turned blue after coming into contact with chemical waste, namely copper sulphate, near a now-defunct petrochemical company.	Did Stray Dogs in Russia Turn Blue from Chemical Waste?
vclaim-sno-russia-crash	Video clip shows an automobile accident on a Russian highway.	Russia Crash
vclaim-sno-russia-exosuit-syria-photo	"A photograph shows Russian soldiers wearing ""exosuits"" in Syria."	Is the Russian Army Using Exosuits?
vclaim-sno-russia-hack-gps-uss-john-mccain	"Russia used ""GPS spoofing"" to cause the USS John McCain to collide with a merchant vessel."	Did Russia Hack the GPS System of the USS John McCain to Cause a Collision?
vclaim-sno-russia-kompromat-jason-chaffetz	Russia has blackmail material on Utah Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz, which is why he will not seek re-election.	Does Russia Have ‘Kompromat’ on Jason Chaffetz?
vclaim-sno-russia-military-disneyland	"Russia has a ""Military Disneyland"" theme park aimed at inspiring young people to do ""military-patriotic"" work."	Does Russia Have a ‘Military Disneyland’ Theme Park?
vclaim-sno-russia-paid-donald-trump-millions-of-dollars	ABC News has reported that Donald Trump received millions of dollars from Russia.	Russia Paid Donald Trump Millions of Dollars
vclaim-sno-russia-reached-saturn	The Russians have sent a manned space craft to Saturn and it's being hidden from the public.	Russia Has Reached Saturn?
vclaim-sno-russia-release-lions-coronavirus	Russia released more than 500 lions to make sure that people stay inside during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Russia Release 500 Lions To Enforce COVID-19 Lockdown?
vclaim-sno-russia-troops-us-borders	Tens of thousands of Russian troops are surrounding U.S. borders.	Russia Has Amassed Troops to Surround the U.S. Borders
vclaim-sno-russia-trump-coin	"Russia minted ""In Trump We Trust"" coins ahead of the 45th U.S. president's inauguration."	Did Russia Mint an ‘In Trump We Trust’ Coin?
vclaim-sno-russia-warns-obama-monsanto	Russian president Vladimir Putin threatened the U.S. over the Obama administration’s support of Monsanto.	Russia Warns Obama: Monsanto
vclaim-sno-russian-asbestos-trump_face	"A Russian asbestos company placed a seal with the face of President Donald Trump on their product with the note ""Approved by Donald Trump, 45th President of the United States."""	Did a Russian Asbestos Company Put Trump’s Face on Their Product?
vclaim-sno-russian-billboard-features-trump-and-putin	"A photograph shows Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin on a billboard above the words ""Let's make the world great again — together."""	Russian Billboard Features Trump and Putin
vclaim-sno-russian-crewlette	The character of Ensign Chekov was added to the television series 'Star Trek' because an editorial in the Communist newspaper Pravda had criticized the lack of a Soviet crewman on board the U.S.S. Enterprise.	Was Star Trek’s Chekov Inspired by Pravda?
vclaim-sno-russian-flag-texas-capitol	A Russian flag was flown at the Texas State Capitol in celebration of Donald Trump's election.	Russian Flag at Texas State Capitol
vclaim-sno-russian-laboratory-black-skin	A photograph depicts a new method discovered by Russian scientists to turn black skin white instantly.	Russian Scientists Invent Instant Skin Lightener
vclaim-sno-russian-law-firm-of-the-year	"A law firm working with Donald Trump was named ""Russia Law Firm of the Year."""	Did Donald Trump Engage the ‘Russian Law Firm of the Year’?
vclaim-sno-russian-pilot-bridge-1965	A photograph shows a Russian pilot flying under a bridge in 1965.	Is This a Russian Pilot Flying Under a Bridge in 1965?
vclaim-sno-russian-reality-show-game2-winter-allows-rape-murder	"A forthcoming Russian reality show called ""Game2: Winter"" will permit contestants to commit crimes, including rape and murder."	Russian Reality Show ‘Game2: Winter’ Allows Rape, Murder?
vclaim-sno-russian-scientists-discover-cure-homosexuality	"Researchers at the Russian Institute for Medical Science discovered a new vaccine that may ""prevent"" or ""cure"" homosexuality in humans."	Did Russian Scientists Discover a ‘Cure’ for Homosexuality?
vclaim-sno-russian-sleep-experiment-orange-soda	"Account describes the horrific  results of a ""Russian Sleep Experiment"" from the late 1940s."	Was the Russian Sleep Experiment Real?
vclaim-sno-russian-soldiers-last-words	A touching transcript reproduces a Russian soldier's last words before he ordered an airstrike on himself to kill ISIS members in Syria.	Were These a Russian Soldier’s Last Words?
vclaim-sno-russian-spy-ship-east-coast	A Russian spy ship has been spotted off the east coast of the United States.	Has a Russian Spy Ship Been Spotted Near the East Coast of the United States?
vclaim-sno-russian-than-democrat-shirts	"A photograph shows two men wearing ""I'd Rather Be a Russian Than a Democrat"" shirts at a rally for President Trump."	Are These ‘I’d Rather Be a Russian Than a Democrat’ Shirts Real?
vclaim-sno-russian-to-judgment	Russian forces will be providing security at large events in the U.S.	Russian Forces to Provide Security at U.S. Events
vclaim-sno-russian-tv-host-reports-on-plot-to-kill-trump	Russian television host Dmitry Kiselyov exposed a plot to kill Donald Trump	Russian TV Host Reports on Plot to Kill Trump
vclaim-sno-russian-tv-trump-agent	"Russian state television called U.S. President Donald Trump an ""agent."""	Did Russian State TV Refer to President Trump as an ‘Agent’?
vclaim-sno-russian-warship-us-navy	U.S. Congressman Brian Mast tweeted an image of a Russian battlecruiser while wishing the U.S. Navy a happy birthday.	Did Congressman Tweet Pix of Russian Warship While Wishing US Navy Happy Birthday?
vclaim-sno-russian-woman-embalmed-alive-formalin-drip	A Russian woman was embalmed alive due to the intravenous administration of formalin.	Was a Russian Woman ‘Embalmed Alive’ with a ‘Formalin Drip’?
vclaim-sno-russians-drill-nuclear-strike	40 million Russians conducted drills for an imminent nuclear strike.	40 Million Russians in Drills for Possible Nuclear Strike
vclaim-sno-russians-hacked-my-crowd	An image shows Hillary Clinton addressing a campaign rally attended by fewer than 25 people.	Clinton: Russians Hacked My Crowd!
vclaim-sno-russias-got-talent-accident	A video clip shows a 'Russia's Got Talent' contestant accidentally shooting his partner in the head with an arrow.	Is This a ‘Russia’s Got Talent’ Fatal Accident?
vclaim-sno-rutgers-grammar-racist	"Rutgers University or Rutgers' English Department Chair Rebecca Walkowitz wrote in June 2020 that ""grammar is racist"" or words to that effect."	Did Rutgers University Declare Grammar ‘Racist’?
vclaim-sno-ruth-bader-ginsburg-and-roe-v-wade	U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said that she approved of abortion as a means of population control.	Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Cite ‘Population Growth’ Concerns When Roe v. Wade Was Decided?
vclaim-sno-ruth-bader-ginsburg-new-zealand	Ruth Bader Ginsburg has resigned her U.S. Supreme Court seat and moved to New Zealand.	Is Ruth Bader Ginsburg Retiring and Moving to New Zealand?
vclaim-sno-ruth-bader-ginsburg-senates-job	"In a 2016 interview, U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said of the nomination of Merrick Garland to the High Court: “Nothing in the Constitution prevents a president from nominating to fill a court seat. That’s their job. There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the president stops being president in his last year."""	Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Say the Senate Was Obligated to Assess Merrick Garland’s Qualifications?
vclaim-sno-ruth-ginsburg-president-resign	Ruth Bader Ginsburg threatened to leave the Supreme Court if Donald Trump gets elected president.	Ruth Ginsburg Threatens to ‘Resign from SCOTUS’ If Trump Is Elected President
vclaim-sno-ruthless-ruth	Sexpert Dr. Ruth Westheimer served as a sniper in Israel.	Dr. Ruth Was a Sniper?
vclaim-sno-ruyi-bridge-china-real	A video shows an undulating glass bridge overlooking a mountainous area in China.	Is the Ruyi Bridge in China Real?
vclaim-sno-ryan-gosling-on-fathers-day	Facebook account from actor Ryan Gosling describes the loss of his adopted child.	Is This Story About Ryan Gosling Losing an Adopted Child Real?
vclaim-sno-ryan-zinke-dead-elephant	A photograph shows Ryan Zinke posing with a dead elephant.	Is This Ryan Zinke Posing with a Dead Elephant?
vclaim-sno-ryanaire	Rep. Paul Ryan refused to tip an elderly waiter at a Washington-area restaurant.	Paul Ryan Refuses to Tip Elderly Black Waiter
vclaim-sno-sabrina-fair-allen	A five-year-old girl named Sabrina Fair Allen is missing from her Austin, Texas, home.	Missing Person: Sabrina Fair Allen
vclaim-sno-sabrina-pasterski-physics-girl	Four claims document remarkable characteristics about Harvard University graduate student Sabrina Pasterski.	The Remarkable Sabrina Pasterski
vclaim-sno-sacrifice-the-weak-sign-real	"A picture shows a person holding a ""Sacrifice the Weak"" sign at a rally urging the state of Tennessee to re-start its economy amid COVID-19 lockdown orders."	Was a ‘Sacrifice the Weak’ Sign Shown at a COVID-19 ‘ReOpen Tennessee’ Rally?
vclaim-sno-sad-sack	Little Billy Evans needs your help to obtain a real body to replace the burlap sack full of leaves that now serves as his trunk.	Does Billy the Burlap Bag Boy Need Your Help?
vclaim-sno-sadie-robertson-car-accident	Duck Dynasty star Sadie Robertson was horribly injured in a car accident in September 2015.	Was ‘Duck Dynasty’ Star Sadie Robertson Seriously Injured in a Car Accident?
vclaim-sno-sadiq-khan-video	A video depicts London Mayor Sadiq Khan defending September 11th terrorists, either verbally and ideologically or as their lawyer.	Did London Mayor Sadiq Khan Defend 9/11 Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-safety-moment	Images document an employee whose hands caught on fire when he lit a cigarette after using a hand sanitizer product.	Purell Hand Sanitizer Burn Warning
vclaim-sno-safyre-terry-christmas-card	A Facebook message requesting Christmas cards for 8-year-old burn victim Safyre Terry is legit.	Is Safyre Terry’s Christmas Wish a Scam?
vclaim-sno-sag-harbored	The fashion of sagging one’s pants was born of a prison mode of signaling sexual availability.	Sagging Pants
vclaim-sno-sag-letter-president-trump	In a Feb. 4, 2021, letter resigning from the Screen Actors Guild (SAG-AFTRA), a union for film and television performers, former U.S. President Donald Trump signed his name as “President Donald J. Trump.”	Was Trump’s SAG-AFTRA Letter Signed ‘President Donald J. Trump’?
vclaim-sno-sagging-pants	The fashion of sagging one's pants was born of a prison mode of signaling sexual availability.	Sagging Pants
vclaim-sno-saginaw-alert	An abduction attempt was foiled at a	Kidnapping at Saginaw Wal-Mart
vclaim-sno-sago-palm	Sago palm can be poisonous to pets.	Sago Palm Dangerous to Pets
vclaim-sno-sahara-desert-snowfall	Photographs show snow in the Sahara Desert in January 2018.	Do These Photographs Show Snowfall in the Sahara Desert?
vclaim-sno-sailor-moon-cops-dirty-pigs	"A clip from the animated series ""Sailor Moon"" features the heroes calling police officers ""dirty pigs,"" ""fascists,"" and ""class traitors."""	Did ‘Sailor Moon’ Anime Series Call Cops ‘Dirty Pigs’?
vclaim-sno-saint-corona-plagues	St. Corona is the patron saint of plagues.	Is Corona the Patron Saint of Plagues?
vclaim-sno-saint-patrick-twa-pygmy-ireland	St. Patrick led the genocide of a contingent of Twa 'pygmies' from Central Africa, who were the original inhabitants of Ireland.	Did St. Patrick Wipe Out an African ‘Pygmy’ Tribe, the First Inhabitants of Ireland?
vclaim-sno-sajid-muhammed-anti-muslim-meme	A meme claimed that a British Muslim man named Sajid Muhammed set a woman on fire for eating a bacon sandwich, and was jailed for only two years.	Sajid Muhammed Sets Woman on Fire
vclaim-sno-salad-days	The phrase “salad days” was coined by William Shakespeare.	Etymology of ‘Salad Days’
vclaim-sno-salary-cap	New Hampshire state legislators receive a salary of $100 per year.	Salary Cap
vclaim-sno-salinger-write-nude	A photograph shows author J.D. Salinger writing at a nudist retreat.	Did J.D. Salinger Write in the Nude?
vclaim-sno-sally-ann-ban	Target does not allow Salvation Army bellringers to solicit donations on stores premises.	Did Target Stores Ban Salvation Army Bellringers?
vclaim-sno-salt-lake-tribune-endorses-obama	The	Salt Lake Tribune Endorses Obama
vclaim-sno-salt-lamps-cure-everything	Salt lamps, because they emit negatively charged ions, impart myriad health benefits including reduced anxiety, improved sleep, increased energy, and protection from an “electric smog.”	Do Salt Lamps Provide Multiple Health Benefits?
vclaim-sno-salt-of-the-mirth	Female student embarrassingly asks biology instructor why semen tastes salty.	Why Does It Taste So Salty?
vclaim-sno-salt-shaker-jesus	A photograph shows salt spilled from a fallen shaker that created the image of Jesus on a table.	Did Spilled Salt Form an Image of Jesus?
vclaim-sno-salt-water-solution	Pouring salt water into the coin slots of vending machines will induce them to dispense free product.	Salt Water and Vending Machines
vclaim-sno-salted-treat	A diligent student found a hidden reward tucked away in an academic work.	Free Car Prize Hidden in Textbook
vclaim-sno-saltwater-crocodile-captured-in-long-island-sound-near-bridgeport	A 21-foot saltwater crocodile was captured in Connecticut after killing two people.	Saltwater Crocodile Captured in Long Island Sound Near Bridgeport?
vclaim-sno-saluting-flag-twitter-photo	A photograph of a marine saluting a U.S. flag violates Twitter's rules and policies.	Does This Photograph of a Marine Saluting the U.S. Flag Violate Twitter’s Rules?
vclaim-sno-salvation-army-bellringers-sign-about-the-gays	"A photograph depicts a Salvation Army bellringer holding a sign stating the group helps people, ""just not the gays."""	Is a Photograph of a Salvation Army Bellringer’s Sign About ‘the Gays’ Real?
vclaim-sno-salvation-army	"A Salvation Army official stated that homosexuals ""deserve to die."""	Did a Salvation Army Official Say That Homosexuals “Deserve to Die”?
vclaim-sno-sam-bish	Prayers are requested for Sam Bish, an 8-year-old with stage four osteosarcoma.	Sam Bish Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-sam-clovis-scientists-dumb	"Did Sam Clovis (a President Trump pick for a U.S. Department of Agriculture science position) called scientists ""dumb"" and claimed that dinosaurs never existed."	Did President Trump’s USDA Pick Say Scientists Are ‘Dumb’ for Believing Dinosaurs Existed?
vclaim-sno-sam-elliott-endorse-biden	Actor Sam Elliott publicly expressed his personal support for Joe Biden's presidential candidacy in 2020.	Did Actor Sam Elliott Endorse Biden for President in 2020?
vclaim-sno-samantha-bees-husband-school	Samantha Bee's husband, Jason Jones, is fighting to keep poor people out of the school his children attend.	Is Samantha Bee’s Husband Fighting to Keep Poor People Out of His Child’s School?
vclaim-sno-same-girl-crying-now-oregon	The same crying woman appears in photos taken at the scenes of massacres in Sandy Hook, Aurora, Boston, Oregon, Paris, and Manchester.	Crisis Actors Uncovered?
vclaim-sno-same-old-slip	The	Titanic First Ship to Use an SOS?
vclaim-sno-samira-ibrahim	John Kerry will be presenting an award to Samira Ibrahim, an Egyptian woman who issued anti-semitic and anti-U.S. statements via Twitter.	Samira Ibrahim
vclaim-sno-sams-club-jobs	In January 2018, Walmart announced a plan to close 250 Sam's Club warehouses, leaving 100,000 workers jobless.	Is Walmart Laying Off 100,000 Employees and Closing 250 Sam’s Club Stores?
vclaim-sno-sams-flub	Sam’s Club and Walmart donated $10,000 to the Darren Wilson defense fund.	Walmart Donated $10,000 to Defend Darren Wilson?
vclaim-sno-samsung-apple-nickels	Samsung paid off a $1.05 billion judgment awarded to Apple in a patent infringement lawsuit entirely in nickels.	Did Samsung Pay a $1 Billion Judgment to Apple in Nickels?
vclaim-sno-samsung-cellphone-stuck	A woman filed a lawsuit against Samsung after her cellphone became stuck in her vagina.	Did a Woman Sue Samsung After Her Cellphone Got Stuck in Her Vagina?
vclaim-sno-samsung-dog-skinning-machine	A machine used to skin dogs is manufactured and sold by Samsung.	Samsung’s Dog-Skinning Machine
vclaim-sno-samsung-microchip	Samsung is stealing data through a secret microchip in its mobile phone batteries.	A (Not So) Secret Microchip?
vclaim-sno-samsung-smartphones-truck-explodes	A truck carrying a shipment of Samsung smartphones exploded, killing three people.	Shipment of Samsung Smartphones Explodes During Transport, 3 Dead
vclaim-sno-samuel-l-jackson-rappers-tweet	"Actor Samuel L. Jackson tweeted a lament about overpaid ""modern mumble"" rap artists and underpaid teachers."	Did Samuel L. Jackson Tweet About Overpaid ‘Modern Mumble Rappers’ and Teachers’ Pay?
vclaim-sno-samuel-l-jackson-shooter-crazy-white-dude	"Actor Samuel L. Jackson said he hoped that the San Bernardino shooter was just some ""crazy white dude."""	Samuel L. Jackson Hoped Shooter Was ‘Crazy White Dude’
vclaim-sno-san-antonio-border-wall	President Trump cited the city of San Antonio, Texas, as an example of a city made much safer by the construction of a wall.	Did President Trump Tout San Antonio as a City Made Safe by a Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-san-antonio-ghost-tracks	The protective ghosts of little children killed at a railway crossing push stalled cars off the tracks.	San Antonio Ghost Children
vclaim-sno-san-antonio-theater-shooting	An off-duty sheriff’s officer apprehended  a gunman by shooting him in a	Media Quiet About San Antonio Theater Shooting
vclaim-sno-san-diego-rainmaker	"In December 1915, San Diego agreed to pay $10,000 to ""rainmaker"" Charles Hatfield to bring an end to the region's drought; over the next few weeks the city was inundated by rain and suffered one of the worst floods in its history."	Did San Diego Hire a ‘Rainmaker’ to End a Drought in 1916?
vclaim-sno-san-francisco-lincoln-blm	"San Francisco's school district is renaming Abraham Lincoln High School because Lincoln didn't show that ""Black Lives Matter."""	Is SF Changing the Name of a School Because Lincoln Didn’t Show ‘Black Lives Matter’?
vclaim-sno-san-francisco-school-washington	In January 2021, the San Francisco Board of Education passed a resolution aimed at removing the names of George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and other notable public figures from schools in the San Francisco Unified School District.	Did San Francisco Vote to Remove ‘Washington,’ ‘Lincoln’ from School Names?
vclaim-sno-san-francisco-shoplifting-video	"A brazen drugstore shoplifting incident in San Francisco was the result of some kind of ""no arrest"" policy or state Proposition 47."	Was Bold Drugstore Shoplifting Incident in SF Due to ‘No Arrest’ Policy?
vclaim-sno-san-francisco-tech-assange	A San Francisco tech company is a front for the web site that accused Julian Assange of pedophilia.	San Francisco Tech Company CEO Framed Julian Assange?
vclaim-sno-san-francisco-voter-registration	"San Francisco is registering ""illegal aliens"" to vote."	Is San Francisco Registering ‘Illegal Aliens’ to Vote?
vclaim-sno-san-juan-mayor-misuse	San Juan mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz was arrested for misusing federal disaster relief funds.	Was the Mayor of San Juan Arrested for Misuse of Disaster Funds?
vclaim-sno-sand-moving-like-water-desert	A video shows sand moving like water in a desert in Saudi Arabia.	Is This a Video of Sand Moving Like Water in ‘Allen Alkhai Desert’?
vclaim-sno-sandberg-facebook-capitol-riot	"Asked if Facebook could have done anything sooner to help prevent the U.S. Capitol riot, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg said, ""I think these events were largely organized on platforms that don’t have our abilities to stop hate, and don’t have our standards, and don’t have our transparency.”"	Did Sheryl Sandberg Suggest US Capitol Riot Was Not Organized on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-sanders-1978-resolution	An image reproduces Bernie Sanders' 1978 New Year's resolution, as given to a local Vermont newspaper.	Is This Bernie Sanders’ 1978 New Year’s Resolution?
vclaim-sno-sanders-alien-reveal-pledge	U.S. 2020 presidential candidate Bernie Sanders 'pledged to reveal info on aliens' if he won the 2020 election.	Did Bernie Sanders ‘Pledge to Reveal Info on Aliens If He Wins in 2020’?
vclaim-sno-sanders-america-embrace-socialism	"Bernie Sanders said that ""the heritage of Castro will be felt for generations to come"" during a 1985 radio interview."	Bernie Sanders Said United States Would ‘Embrace Socialism’?
vclaim-sno-sanders-and-tlaib-shelves	"U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders and U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib ""pushed socialism"" while standing in front of empty grocery-store shelves."	Did Bernie Sanders, Rashida Tlaib Push Socialism in Front of Empty Store Shelves?
vclaim-sno-sanders-bank-speeches	Bernie Sanders has not released the transcripts for speeches he gave to major financial institutions, despite calling on Hillary Clinton to do so.	Bernie Sanders Gives Bank of America Speeches?
vclaim-sno-sanders-campaign-busing-youths-to-caucuses-and-primaries	Bernie Sanders's campaign bused fake supporters to rallies, caucuses, and events in order to prevent legitimate attendees from being able to participate.	Sanders Campaign Busing Youths to Caucuses and Primaries
vclaim-sno-sanders-christianity-muslim-view	"U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders said ""Christianity is an insult to Muslims."""	Did Bernie Sanders Say ‘Christianity Is an Insult to Muslims’?
vclaim-sno-sanders-civil-rights-photos	A photograph shows Bernie Sanders at a 1962 civil rights sit-in.	Does This Photograph Show Bernie Sanders at a 1962 Civil Rights Sit-In?
vclaim-sno-sanders-dethrone-god-tweet	"Senator Bernie Sanders wrote on Twitter that he wanted to destroy capitalism and ""dethrone God."""	Bernie Sanders Wants to ‘Dethrone God’ and Destroy Capitalism?
vclaim-sno-sanders-english-only-huerta	"Supporters of Bernie Sanders shouted ""English only"" at civil rights activist Dolores Huerta during one Nevada caucus event, ostensibly objecting to a translation of remarks into Spanish."	Bernie Sanders Supporters Chant ‘English Only’ at Dolores Huerta in Nevada?
vclaim-sno-sanders-interns-minimum-wage	Bernie Sanders pays his staff interns $12 per hour while campaigning for a minimum wage increase to $15 per hour.	Bernie Sanders Pays Interns $12 an Hour?
vclaim-sno-sanders-mlk-selma-march	A photograph shows Bernie Sanders at a 1965 civil rights march with Martin Luther King, Jr.	Bernie Sanders Marched with MLK at Selma?
vclaim-sno-sanders-private-jet-menu	Bernie Sanders flew on a private jet and served a lavish menu when traveling to Rome in April 2016.	Bernie Sanders’ Lavish Private Jet Menu?
vclaim-sno-sanders-tax-plan-52-percent	U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders' health care plan proposes to raise the tax rate to 52% on incomes over $29,000.	Did Sanders Propose Raising Taxes to 52% on Incomes Over $29,000?
vclaim-sno-sanders-tax-social-security	Democratic presidential contender Bernie Sanders said he wants to tax Social Security benefits at 47 percent.	Does Sanders Want to Tax Social Security Benefits at 47 Percent?
vclaim-sno-sanders-vermont-mansion	A photograph shows an opulent Vermont mansion owned by U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders.	Is This Mansion One of Bernie Sanders’ Homes?
vclaim-sno-sanders-voter-suppression-ny	New York voters will be turned away from the polls if they wear shirts endorsing specific candidates, and polling hours have been deliberately shortened to suppress primary votes.	Voter Suppression in New York?
vclaim-sno-sanders-vs-clinton-delegate-count	Bernie Sanders trailed Hillary Clinton by only 271 delegates in May 2016, despite media inclusion of superdelegates in their respective totals.	Sanders vs. Clinton: Delegate Count
vclaim-sno-sandra-bullock-keanu-reeves	Keanu Reeves is Sandra Bullock's son.	Is Keanu Reeves Sandra Bullock’s Son?
vclaim-sno-sandra-bullock-son	"Sandra Bullock's son ""finally confirmed the [unspecified] rumors."""	Did Sandra Bullock’s Son ‘Finally Confirm the Rumors’?
vclaim-sno-sandra-bullock-trump-clinton	In October 2017, Sandra Bullock defended President Donald Trump and urged Hillary Clinton to leave the United States.	Did Trump-Supporting Sandra Bullock Urge Hillary Clinton to Leave the United States?
vclaim-sno-sandra-day-oconnor-quote	"Sandra Day O'Connor said that Republicans were a ""vile, petulant, hateful, passel of obstructionists."""	Sandra Day O’Connor Calls GOP ‘Vile Obstructionists’?
vclaim-sno-sandy-highway-to-dubai-covid	A photograph shows a vacant, sand-covered highway to Dubai during COVID-19 stay-at-home orders.	Is This a Sand-Covered Highway to Dubai During the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-sandy-hook-exposed	A video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax.	Was the Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting a Hoax?
vclaim-sno-sanitary-pad-warning	Wearing certain types of sanitary pads causes uterine and bladder cancer and has resulted in the death of 56 girls.	Sanitary Pad Warning
vclaim-sno-santa-covid-exemption-ireland	Ireland Foreign Minister Simon Coveney declared in a Nov. 26, 2020, statement that Santa Claus is considered an essential worker, granting him exemption from self-quarantine to deliver Christmas presents.	Is Santa Officially Exempt from COVID-19 Restrictions in Ireland?
vclaim-sno-santa-cross	A Japanese department store once created a Christmas display featuring a smiling Santa Claus nailed to a cross.	Santa Hung on a Cross in Japan?
vclaim-sno-santa-suit	Bill O’Reilly was arrested for assaulting a department store Santa.	Bill O’Reilly Arrested for Assaulting Department Store Santa
vclaim-sno-santas-canadian-postal-code	In Canada, Santa's postal code is H0H 0H0.	Santa’s Canadian Postal Code
vclaim-sno-santas-phone-number	"A number advertised on a Facebook page lets callers ""leave messages"" for Santa Claus."	Is This Santa’s Phone Number?
vclaim-sno-santiago-flight-513-wormhole	A missing airliner (Santiago Flight 513) mysteriously landed 35 years later with a cockpit and passenger cabin full of skeletons.	Did Santiago Flight 513 Disappear in 1954 Only to Land in 1989?
vclaim-sno-santorini-vacation-giveaway	"The Facebook page ""Santorini Holidays"" is giving away a free vacation on a Greek island."	Is this Santorini Holidays Vacation Giveaway in Greece Legit?
vclaim-sno-sarah-huckabee-sanders-aunt-lydia	On Facebook, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders proudly embraced an unflattering comparison to Aunt Lydia from the Handmaid's Tale.	Did Sarah Huckabee Sanders Say She Was ‘Proud’ to be Compared to Aunt Lydia From ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’?
vclaim-sno-sarah-huckabee-sanders-kkk-robe-halloween	A photograph shows Sarah Huckabee Sanders wearing KKK robes for Halloween in 1993.	Did Sarah Huckabee Sanders Wear a KKK Halloween Costume in 1993?
vclaim-sno-sarah-huckabee-sanders-replaced	Sarah Huckabee Sanders has lost the confidence of the President and will be replaced.	Is Sarah Huckabee Sanders Being Replaced?
vclaim-sno-sarah-huckabee-sanders-voted-among-admired-women-united-states	"In 2018, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was listed as one of the 10 ""most admired"" women in the United States."	Was Sarah Huckabee Sanders Voted Among the ‘Most Admired’ Women in the United States?
vclaim-sno-sarah-jeong-leukemia-tweet	"Journalist Sarah Jeong once tweeted that every time she sees a ""bald white kid"" she secretly hopes ""he had leukemia."""	Did Sarah Jeong Tweet That She Hopes ‘Bald White Kids’ Have Leukemia?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-arabic-numerals	"Sarah Palin wants to ban ""Arabic numerals"" from American schools."	Sarah Palin Wants ‘Arabic Numerals’ Banned From America’s Schools
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-blames-mexican-muslims	"Sarah Palin blamed the Fort Lauderdale shooting on ""Mexican Muslim"" immigrants."	Sarah Palin Blames ‘Mexican Muslim’ Immigration for Fort Lauderdale Shooting?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-calls-boycott-mall-america-santa-always-white-bible	Sarah Palin called for a Mall of America boycott over its hiring a black man to play Santa Claus.	Sarah Palin Calls to Boycott Mall of America Because ‘Santa Was Always White in the Bible’
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-coma-accident	Former Alaska governor was critically injured in an automobile accident.	Sarah Palin in a Coma After Hit and Run?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-lewd-comments	Sarah Palin excused Donald Trump's lewd comments by saying 'real men talk dirty.'	Sarah Palin: ‘Real Men Talk Dirty’
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-lyme-disease	Sarah Palin said Obamacare made people irresponsible, and that people with Lyme disease should quit eating limes.	Did Sarah Palin Say People with Lyme Disease Should Stop Eating Limes?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-nato-quote	"During an interview Sarah Palin asked, ""What has NATO ever done for us? Where were they in World War II, when America defeated the Nazis.”"	Did Sarah Palin Bash NATO Allies for Not Helping During World War II?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-russia-house	"During the 2008 presidential campaign, VP candidate Sarah Palin said: ""I can see Russia from my house."""	Did Sarah Palin Say: ‘I Can See Russia from My House’?
vclaim-sno-sarah-palin-slavery-quote	"Sarah Palin said that America was not to blame for slavery, and that ""the negroes"" liked it."	Sarah Palin on Slavery
vclaim-sno-sarah-sanders-roseanne-barr-job	Trump's press secretary Sarah Sanders offered Roseanne Barr a White House position.	Did Sarah Sanders Offer Roseanne Barr a White House Job?
vclaim-sno-sarah-sanders-trump-tax-returns-obama-conspiracy-theories	"Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said that President Trump's tax returns were being kept ""underneath President Obama’s college records"" and ""his passport application"" where nobody would find them."	Did Sarah Sanders Give This Snarky Response About Trump’s Tax Returns?
vclaim-sno-sarah-silverman-killing-jesus	"Sarah Silverman said ""I hope the Jews did kill Jesus, I'd do it again in a second!"""	Sarah Silverman: Killing Jesus
vclaim-sno-sargento-recall-fake-news	Sargento cheese was recalled on 9 May 2017 (or in August/September 2017), because it might kill your whole family.	Was Sargento Brand Cheese Recalled in August or September 2017?
vclaim-sno-sasha-grey-dead	Porn star Sasha Grey was killed by Ukranian military forces.	Sasha Grey Dead?
vclaim-sno-sasha-malia-obama-dress	Taxpayers paid more than $40,000 for Sasha and Malia Obama's state dinner dresses.	Sasha and Malia Obama’s Dresses Cost Taxpayers $20,000 Each?
vclaim-sno-sasha-obama-drive-by-shootout	Sasha Obama was killed in a drive-by shooting in July 2017.	Was Sasha Obama Murdered in a Drive-By Shooting?
vclaim-sno-sasha-obama-just-crashed-her-expensive-new-car-into-a-lake	Sasha Obama crashed a Bugatti Veyron into a lake in December 2017.	Did Sasha Obama Crash Her Expensive New Car Into a Lake?
vclaim-sno-sasha-obama-school-rant	Sasha Obama was expelled from school after she went on a racist anti-white rant.	Was Sasha Obama Expelled from School After Going on an Anti-White Rant?
vclaim-sno-sasha-obama-shoplifting-ring	Sasha Obama was arrested for her participation in a large-scale shoplifting ring.	Was Sasha Obama Arrested in a ‘Million-Dollar Shoplifting Ring’?
vclaim-sno-sat-square	Students who take the SAT are awarded 200 points for spelling their names correctly.	SAT Points for Name Spelling
vclaim-sno-satan-weeknds-super-bowl-halftime	"A video shows the name ""Satan"" flashing on screen during The Weeknd's Super Bowl halftime show in 2021."	Did ‘Satan’ Appear During The Weeknd’s Super Bowl Halftime Show?
vclaim-sno-satanic-dungeon-chuck-e-cheese	Police discovered human remains in a Satanic dungeon under a Chuck E. Cheese.	Did Police Find a Satanic Ritual Dungeon in Chuck E. Cheese Basement?
vclaim-sno-satanic-sketches	Schools in Florida are distributing satanic coloring books to children.	Florida Schools Are Distributing Satanic Material to Children?
vclaim-sno-satanic-temple-missouri-abortion	A member of The Satanic Temple filed a lawsuit in 2018 arguing that a Missouri law that requires a woman seeking an abortion to receive a pamphlet asserting that life begins at conception violated her religious beliefs.	Did The Satanic Temple Sue Over Missouri Abortion Law?
vclaim-sno-satans-choice	Horrified onlookers notice that the enthralling stranger dancing with a pretty girl from the village has cloven hooves.	Devil in the Dancehall
vclaim-sno-saturday-night-live-cancelled	NBC's long-running 'Saturday Night Live' has been cancelled due to low ratings.	Saturday Night Live Cancelled After Lowest Ratings Ever?
vclaim-sno-saturn-close-to-earth-meme	On 1 May 2016, Saturn will be prominently visible in both the day and night sky.	Saturn ‘Close to Earth’ Meme
vclaim-sno-saudi-arabia-beheads-robot	"An angry mob in Saudi Arabia beheaded ""Sophia,"" a robot recently awarded citizenship."	Did Saudi Arabia Behead Its First Robot Citizen?
vclaim-sno-saudi-arabia-eases-guardianship-rules-against-women	Saudi Arabian King Salman has issued an order allowing women more access to services.	Saudi Arabia’s King Salman Eases ‘Guardianship’ Rules Against Women?
vclaim-sno-saudi-arabia-sandfalls	A video shows a 'sandfall' in Saudi Arabia.	Are ‘Sandfalls’ in Saudi Arabia Real?
vclaim-sno-saudi-billionaire-buford-wyoming	A Saudi billionaire purchased Buford, Wyoming and is planning on constructing a western Mecca.	FALSE: Saudi Billionaire Begins Construction of ‘Western Mecca’ in Wyoming
vclaim-sno-saudi-female-activist-execution	Saudi authorities have condemned and executed female human rights activist Israa al-Ghomgham.	Has Saudi Arabia Executed Activist Esra al-Ghamgam?
vclaim-sno-saudi-man-buy-2-airbus-a350s	A Saudi man accidentally bought two Airbus A350s for his son's birthday.	Did Saudi Man Accidentally Buy 2 Airbus A350s for Son’s Birthday?
vclaim-sno-saudi-scientists-women	Saudi scientists announced that theyhad determined women were mammals but not humans.	Saudi Arabia: Panel of Scientists Admits Women Are Mammals, Yet ‘Not Human’?
vclaim-sno-saul-alinsky-dedicated-rules-for-radicals-to-lucifer	"Author Saul Alinsky dedicated his 1971 political tome ""Rules for Radicals"" to Lucifer."	Did Saul Alinsky Dedicate ‘Rules for Radicals’ to Lucifer?
vclaim-sno-save-the-chimps	Signing an	Save the Chimps!
vclaim-sno-save-the-planet-with-a-small-car	Photograph shows an automobile crushed in a New Orleans accident.	Save the Planet with a Small Car
vclaim-sno-save-toby	Fellow threatens to eat his pet rabbit unless $50,000 is donated through his web site.	Donations To Save Rabbit
vclaim-sno-saved-whale-says-thanks	Photograph shows a formerly ensnared whale thanking one of her rescuers.	Does This Photograph Show a Saved Whale Saying ‘Thanks’?
vclaim-sno-savings-bonds-refunds	By default, all U.S. federal income tax refunds paid in 2010 will be issued in the form of	Income Tax Refunds Issued as Savings Bonds
vclaim-sno-say-a-little-prayer-for-me	A child’s Christmas letter to a sailor  misinterprets the sounds of his mother’s sexual satisfaction as prayer.	Child's Note to Sailors
vclaim-sno-say-no-to-et	M&Ms passed up the chance to be the candy used to lure the shy little alien from his hiding place in the 1982 blockbuster E.T., thereby letting one of the most successful instances of movie product placement fall into the hands of a competitor who benefited mightily from it.	Did M&Ms Turn Down ‘E.T.’?
vclaim-sno-say-what-barack	Editorial identifies anachronisms in Barack Obama’s 2007 Selma speech.	Say What, Barack?
vclaim-sno-sayoc-van-false-flag	"A van belonging to the suspect arrested in the October 2018 series of mail bombings was created as part of a ""false flag"" plot."	Was Cesar Sayoc’s Van ‘Staged’ as Part of a ‘False Flag’ Operation?
vclaim-sno-sbf	The ‘SBF’ in a personals ad turns out to be a female labrador retriever.	Did an ‘SBF’ Named Daisy Write This Illinois Newspaper’s Personals Ad?
vclaim-sno-sc-lesser-cut-quote	"South Carolina state Senator Thomas Corbin told a colleague at a dinner function that women are a ""lesser cut of meat."""	Did a South Carolina Politician Call Women a ‘Lesser Cut of Meat’?
vclaim-sno-scalia-death-penalty-quote	"Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia said ""mere factual innocence is no reason not to carry out a death sentence properly reached."""	Antonin Scalia Death Penalty Quote
vclaim-sno-scam-aldi-facebook-coupons	ALDI is giving away free grocery coupons to Facebook users who take a brief survey.	ALDI Coupons Facebook Scam
vclaim-sno-scanner-shocker	A TSA screener in Denver was caught masturbating to images of airline travelers displayed on a body scanner.	Body Scanner Operator Caught Masturbating at Colorado Airport
vclaim-sno-scaramucci-explicit-tweet-2009	White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci posted a sexually explicit tweet in 2009.	Did Anthony Scaramucci Post a Sexually Explicit Tweet in 2009?
vclaim-sno-scaramucci-nude-photos-wife-revenge-divorce	Anthony Scaramucci posted nude photographs of his wife in order to get revenge for her filing for divorce.	Scaramucci Posts Nude Photos of His Wife as Revenge for Divorce?
vclaim-sno-scarbrough-scholarship-trump	University of Alabama running back Bo Scarbrough lost his scholarship over an anti-Trump outburst.	Did a Black Alabama Running Back Lose His Scholarship Over Anti-Trump Comments?
vclaim-sno-scare-models	Photographs show a series of frighteningly emaciated models.	Emaciated Models
vclaim-sno-scare-tires	Gang members are targeting police cars and civilian vehicles with PBA stickers and loosening the lug nuts on the tires.	Gang Members Are Removing Lug Nuts from Cars with Police Stickers?
vclaim-sno-scarecrow-human-body	A photograph shows a scarecrow made from a human corpse.	Does This Photograph Show a Scarecrow Made from a Corpse?
vclaim-sno-scarecrow	Youths shoot a patrol car parked as a “speeder deterrent” on the one day it contains a real cop.	Shot Policeman
vclaim-sno-scared-chuteless	Video shows a man jumping from an airplane without a parachute and surviving by landing on a trampoline.	Man Jumps Out of Airplane without Parachute onto Trampoline
vclaim-sno-scared-straight	A popular tweet reproduces actor Morgan Freeman's comment about homophobia.	Morgan Freeman on Homophobia
vclaim-sno-scarface-remake-leonardo-dicaprio	'Scarface' is being remade with Leonardo DiCaprio cast as Tony Montana.	Scarface Remake Starring Leonardo DiCaprio?
vclaim-sno-scarface	Video clip shows an elementary school stage production of	Elementary School Production of ‘Scarface’
vclaim-sno-scary-clowns-kill-23-people-in-canada	Weapons-wielding clowns from the U.S. invaded Canada and murdered 23 victims.	Scary Clowns Kill 23 People in Canada
vclaim-sno-schiff-epstein-emails	An FBI investigation turned up hundreds of email messages exchanged between U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff and Jeffrey Epstein.	No, FBI Did Not Uncover 256 Emails Between Rep. Schiff, Jeffrey Epstein
vclaim-sno-schiff-epstein-photo	A photograph shows Adam Schiff sitting on a couch next to Jeffrey Epstein.	Is This Photo of Adam Schiff and Jeffrey Epstein Real?
vclaim-sno-schiff-refuse-gop-talk	U.S. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff unfairly refused to allow a Republican House member to pose questions during an impeachment inquiry.	Did Schiff Unfairly Squelch Stefanik at Impeachment Hearing?
vclaim-sno-schitts-creek-motel-seattle	A man created a miniature Rosebud motel facade in a Seattle neighborhood, inspired by the setting of the popular comedy series “Schitt’s Creek.”	Does Seattle Have a ‘Schitt’s Creek’-Inspired Mini Rosebud Motel?
vclaim-sno-schnapp-judgment	Fireball whisky is being recalled due to concerns over a dangerous ingredient.	Fireball Whisky Recall
vclaim-sno-school-art-project-candlelight	"A photograph depicts a school art project titled ""candlelight"" that yielded unexpectedly suggestive paintings."	Suggestive ‘Candlelight’ Painting
vclaim-sno-school-bans-u-s-flag-t-shirts-cinco-de-mayo	A federal court upheld a ruling that school officials acted correctly in requiring students to remove clothing featuring U.S. flag designs on Cinco de Mayo.	School Bans U.S. Flag T-Shirts on Cinco de Mayo
vclaim-sno-school-buses	Photograph shows school buses caught in a flooded New Orleans parking lot because no one ordered them to be deployed to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Katrina.	School Buses
vclaim-sno-school-lemonade-laxatives	A video shows the aftermath of a school prank in which a student spiked lemonade with laxatives.	Does This Video Show School Lemonade Spiked with Laxatives?
vclaim-sno-school-library-books-dumpster	"A Minnesota middle school discarded numerous “outdated” books in an attempt to ""erase history."""	Did a Minnesota School Toss Library Books to ‘Erase History’?
vclaim-sno-school-lunch-program-cancelled	President Trump cancelled Michelle Obama's school lunch program in October 2018.	Did President Trump Just Cancel Michelle Obama’s School Lunch Program in 2018?
vclaim-sno-school-rivalry	School photograph shows a boy segregated from his class because he is Jewish.	Segregation Is Alive and Well in Alabama
vclaim-sno-school-shooter-video-game	A video game set to be released in June 2018 allowed players to assume the role of a school shooter.	Does a Video Game Allow Players to Assume the Role of a School Shooter?
vclaim-sno-school-shooting-military-deaths	So far in 2018, the number of U.S. students killed in school shootings is greater than the number of U.S. military personnel who have been killed on active duty.	Which Has Killed More People in 2018: School Shootings or Military Service?
vclaim-sno-school-shootings-christianity-texas-japan	The school shooting rate in non-Christian Japan is vastly lower than that of mostly Christian Texas.	School Shootings in Christian Texas vs. Non-Christian Japan
vclaim-sno-school-shootings-us-vs-world	The experienced many times more school shootings between 2009 and 2018 than 27 other countries combined.	Does the U.S. Experience Far More School Shootings Than Any Other Country?
vclaim-sno-school-walkout-rumors-parkland-shooting	School walkouts and protests are planned in response to the Parkland school shooting on 14 February 2018, which killed seventeen people.	Is a School Walkout Planned in Response to the Parkland Mass Shooting?
vclaim-sno-schools-banning-valentines-offends-muslims	At least one state banned Valentine's Day at schools because it is offensive to Muslims.	Are Schools Banning Valentine’s Day Because it Offends Muslims?
vclaim-sno-schools-prayer-rugs-muslims	Taxpayers footed the bill for prayer rugs at a St. Cloud school district after a lawsuit was brought by CAIR.	Are U.S. Schools Buying Prayer Rugs for Muslim Students?
vclaim-sno-schools-removing-analog-clocks	Schools are removing analog clocks because students no longer know how to tell time.	Are Schools Removing Analog Clocks Because Students Can’t Read Them?
vclaim-sno-schumer-500k-donation	New York senator Chuck Schumer accepted a campaign donation of half a million dollars from pro-immigration groups just prior to a crucial Congressional vote.	Did Chuck Schumer Receive $500K Donation from ‘Pro-Illegal Alien’ Group Just Before Vote?
vclaim-sno-schumer-candidates-christian-beliefs	"Sen. Chuck Schumer is on record saying, ""Candidates with deeply held Christian beliefs are unfit and disqualified from serving as a federal judge."""	Did Chuck Schumer Say Judicial Nominees with ‘Deeply Held Christian Beliefs’ Are Unfit to Serve?
vclaim-sno-schumer-daughter-cheerleader	The daughter of U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer recently spoken out about her father's supposed affair with one of her high school classmates.	Did Senator Chuck Schumer Have an Affair with a Teenager?
vclaim-sno-schumer-erection-senate-floor	While speaking on the Senate floor on Jan. 22, 2021, Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) accidentally said “erection” instead of “insurrection.”	Did Schumer Say ‘Erection’ on the Senate Floor?
vclaim-sno-schumer-pelosi-150-billion	"Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer helped former Barack Obama give an ""enemy of the U.S."" $150 billion in cash."	Did Schumer and Pelosi Help Obama Hand $150 Billion to an ‘Enemy of the US’?
vclaim-sno-schumer-tweet-china-travel	Sen. Chuck Schumer tweeted a criticism of President Trump for the latter's 'premature' ban of air travel from China.	Did Schumer Delete a Tweet Criticizing Trump for Banning Air Travel from China ‘Prematurely’?
vclaim-sno-schwarzenegger-bush-sled-crash	Barbara Bush broke her leg in a sledding accident involving actor Arnold Schwarzenegger and her husband President George H.W. Bush in 1991.	Did Schwarzenegger and President Bush Sled into Barbara Bush, Breaking Her Leg?
vclaim-sno-schwarzenegger-hotel-statue	Arnold Schwarzenegger slept in a sleeping bag outside a hotel he had once opened, because staff refused to give him a free room.	Was Arnold Schwarzenegger Forced to Sleep Outside a Hotel He Had Helped Open?
vclaim-sno-science-reveals-toughest-splits-bowling	The 7-10 split is the toughest split in bowling.	What Are the Toughest Splits in Bowling?
vclaim-sno-scientific-paper-trump-turd	A scientific paper included a diagram with a representation of baboon feces containing President Trump’s face.	Is Trump’s Face Hidden in These Baboon Feces?
vclaim-sno-scientific-papers-global-warming-myth	A total of 58 peer-reviewed papers published in the first half of 2017 conclude that global warming is a myth.	Did 58 Scientific Papers Published in 2017 Say Global Warming is a Myth?
vclaim-sno-scientist-discovers-winged-spider	Photograph shows the killer Volat-Araneus “flying spider” due to migrate to the UK this year.	Volat-Araneus — The Flying Spider
vclaim-sno-scientist-vaccine-jailed	Researcher Judy Mikovits was thrown in jail after she refused to discredit research that led to the discovery that deadly retroviruses have been transmitted through vaccines.	Was a Scientist Jailed After Discovering a Deadly Virus Delivered Through Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-scientists-caught-tampering-raw-data-exaggerate-sea-level-rise	New research shows that scientists are manipulating sea level data to inflate predictions of future sea level rise.	Were Scientists Caught Tampering with Raw Data to Exaggerate Sea Level Rise?
vclaim-sno-scientists-drug-regenerates-teeth	Scientists have found a drug that regenerates teeth, and it could leave dentists without work.	Scientists Discover a Drug That Regenerates Teeth?
vclaim-sno-scientists-find-australian-berry-can-cure-cancer-48-hours	Scientists have discovered a berry — found in only one region of Australia — that can cure cancer in 48 hours.	Scientists Find an Australian Berry That Can Cure Cancer in 48 Hours?
vclaim-sno-scientists-kale-marijuana-hybrid	"Scientists have created ""kaleabis,"" a cross of kale and marijuana."	Scientists Create Kale and Cannabis Hybrid
vclaim-sno-scientists-miscalculate-solar-eclipse-actually-next-year	"NASA scientists ""forgot to carry the one,"" miscalculating the date of an August 2017 solar eclipse by one year."	Scientists Miscalculate, Solar Eclipse Actually Next Year?
vclaim-sno-scientists-pronounce-great-barrier-reef-dead	Scientists have officially declared the Great Barrier Reef to be dead.	Scientists Pronounce Great Barrier Reef ‘Dead’
vclaim-sno-scientists-recreate-trex	"Researchers in North Carolina have created ""the first fully living dinosaur embryo in millions of years"" using DNA from chicken skin."	Did Scientists Recreate a Tyrannosaurus Rex Embryo from Chicken DNA?
vclaim-sno-scientists-solve-bermuda-triangle	Satellite images of hexagon-shaped holes in clouds above the Bermuda Triangle prove that large blasts of sinking air are the cause of mysterious shipwrecks and plane crashes in the area.	Scientists Finally Solve the Mystery of the Bermuda Triangle?
vclaim-sno-scotland-gritter-names	Scotland gives its national snow plow fleet hilarious names.	Does Scotland Give Its National Snow Plow Fleet Funny Names?
vclaim-sno-scott-baio-plane-crash	Actor Scott Baio died in a small plane crash on his way to play golf with President Trump at Mar-a-Lago.	Was Scott Baio Killed in a Small Plane Crash?
vclaim-sno-scott-chance-911-call-vanish	Audio of a 911 call documents the final moments before the disappearance of a man named Scott Chance.	Did a Man Named Scott Chance Disappear After Making a 911 Call?
vclaim-sno-scott-desjarlais-abortions	Anti-abortion Republican U.S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais testified that he encouraged some women to have abortions.	Did Anti-Abortion U.S. Rep. DesJarlais Encourage Partners to Have Abortions?
vclaim-sno-scott-walker-labor-day	Wisconsin governor Scott Walker said that Labor Day should be replaced with Patriots Day.	Labor Pains
vclaim-sno-scott-walker-pizza	Former Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker cropped and tweeted an old picture of pizza at a restaurant that he first tweeted 14 months earlier.	Did Scott Walker Tweet a Year-Old Pizza Picture Twice?
vclaim-sno-scott-wood-shooting	Deputy Scott Wood was shot by black convenience store robbers, and the incident was not widely reported in the national media.	Deputy Scott Wood Shooting
vclaim-sno-scotus-nullify-the-2016-election	The U.S. Supreme Court is deliberating a petition seeking to overturn the results of the 2016 presidential election due to purported Russian interference.	Is the Supreme Court Deciding Whether to Nullify the 2016 Election?
vclaim-sno-scrambled-eggs	Consumers’ buying only a few gallons of gas at a time will bring down the price of gasoline.	Eggs and Gas Prices
vclaim-sno-scraping-tongue-spoon-diagnose	Scraping your tongue with a spoon, placing that spoon in a bag, and putting that bag under a light for a period of time will provide useful diagnostic information about your health.	Can Scraping Your Tongue with a Spoon Diagnose Health Conditions?
vclaim-sno-scream-session-rape	A woman is raped during a campus’s midnight scream session the day before finals, but her cries for help go unnoticed amidst the tumult.	Scream Session Rape
vclaim-sno-screen-capture	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 was captured by the U.S. Navy.	Russia ‘Puzzled’ Over Malaysia Airlines ‘Capture’ By US Navy
vclaim-sno-screen-play	A couple who return to the hotel where they honeymooned are shocked to discover their wedding night activities were videotaped and made available to other guests.	Secretly Videotaped Honeymooners
vclaim-sno-script-doctors	The cast of M*A*S*H did not learn of Col. Blake's death until they were actually filming the scene in which it was announced.	The Death of M*A*S*H’s Col. Henry Blake
vclaim-sno-sculpture-saudi-arabia	"A sculpture ""celebrating"" Saudi Arabia was erected at Ground Zero."	Was a Sculpture ‘Celebrating’ Saudi Arabia Erected at Ground Zero?
vclaim-sno-scytl	President Obama has sold the tabulating of votes in U.S. national elections to Scytl, a Spanish company run by a donor to his campaign.	Obama Sold Vote Processing Rights to SCYTL?
vclaim-sno-sea-foam-fill-streets-in-spain	A video shows a street in Spain filled with sea foam after a large storm.	Did Sea Foam Fill Streets in Spain?
vclaim-sno-sea-lice-florida-beach	"Florida beaches have been invaded with ""sea lice."""	Sea Lice Invading Florida Beaches
vclaim-sno-sea-roach	A video shows a real sea roach.	Is This a Real ‘Sea Roach’?
vclaim-sno-seagullibility	Video clip shows a seagull snatching a bag of Doritos	TRUE: Seagull Loves Chips!
vclaim-sno-sealed-indictment-president-trump	A sealed indictment has been granted against President Donald Trump.	Has a ‘Sealed Indictment’ Been Issued Against President Trump?
vclaim-sno-sean-combs-twitter-handle	Screenshots document musician Sean P. Diddy Combs' futile attempts to secure a Twitter handle from comb-seller 'Sean's Combs.'	Did Musician Sean Combs Fail to Buy a Twitter Handle from Comb-Seller ‘Sean’s Combs’?
vclaim-sno-sean-connery-net-worth	Sean Connery's net worth left his family in tears.	No, Sean Connery’s Net Worth Didn’t Leave Family ‘in Tears’
vclaim-sno-sean-connery-slap-women	Sean Connery repeatedly endorsed or condoned slapping women.	Did Sean Connery Condone Slapping Women?
vclaim-sno-sean-connery-trump-golf-course	Actor Sean Connery was instrumental in helping Donald Trump secure approval for a controversial golf course development in Scotland.	Did Sean Connery Help Secure Approval for a Trump Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-sean-hannity-bike-accident	Fox News host Sean Hannity has died after a bicycling accident	Sean Hannity’s ‘Minor’ Bike Accident Today Ends Up Being a Death Sentence?
vclaim-sno-sean-hannity-fired-muslims	Fox News host was about to be fired in June 2016 over comments he made about Muslims.	Sean Hannity to be Fired for Comments About Muslims
vclaim-sno-sean-penn-death-hoax	Actor Sean Penn was killed in January 2016.	FALSE: Sean Penn Found Dead
vclaim-sno-sean-penn-moves-to-venezuela	"U.S. actor Sean Penn said ""[Venezuela President Nicolas] Maduro is way better than Trump, any day, no question about it ... If Trump wins again, I'm moving my family to Venzuela where they'll be safe!"""	Did Actor Sean Penn Say He Was Moving to Venezuela Because Pres. Maduro Was ‘Way Better Than Trump’?
vclaim-sno-sean-penn-vincent-donofrio	Actor Sean Penn (born 1960) is the son-in-law of Actor Vincent D'Onofrio (Born 1959).	Is Sean Penn Vincent D’Onofrio’s Son-In-Law?
vclaim-sno-sean-spicer-felony-note	"An aide handed Sean Spicer a note that read “You just committed a felony"" in the middle of a press briefing."	Sean Spicer Handed Mid-Briefing Note Saying, “You Just Committed a Felony”?
vclaim-sno-sean-spicer-onion-retweet	White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer retweeted a satirical item from 'The Onion'  about himself.	Did Sean Spicer Retweet a Satirical Onion Video About Himself?
vclaim-sno-sean-spicer-shoes	A photograph shows Sean Spicer wearing one black shoe and one brown shoe.	Is Sean Spicer Wearing Mismatched Shoes?
vclaim-sno-sears-military-pay	Sears pays the difference in salaries and maintains benefits for its	Sears Military Pay
vclaim-sno-sears-sell-free-palestine-shirts	Sears sold 'Free Palestine' shirts on its web site.	Did Sears Sell ‘Free Palestine’ Shirts?
vclaim-sno-seat-29e	Airline passenger’s in-flight comments describe disadvantages of being seated directly across from the plane’s lavatory.	Seat 29E
vclaim-sno-seat-belt-advocate-killed	An anti-seat belt law advocate was killed in automobile accident.	Was an Anti-Seat Belt Law Advocate Killed in an Automobile Accident?
vclaim-sno-seattle-chaz-trash	"A photograph captures mounds of refuse and other trash left behind by protesters in Seattle's ""Capitol Hill Autonomous Zone."""	Does This Photo Show Trash Left by Protesters in Seattle’s ‘Autonomous Zone’?
vclaim-sno-seattle-clean-sidewalks	The city of Seattle does not hose down sidewalks to remove human waste because the practice would be 'racially insensitive.'	No, Seattle Doesn’t Refuse to Hose Poop from Sidewalks Because It’s ‘Racially Insensitive’
vclaim-sno-seattle-crochet-cocaine	In February 2021, a woman found what turned out to be one kilogram — 2.2 pounds — of cocaine in a crochet kit she bought in Seattle.	Did a Seattle Woman Find Cocaine in a Crochet Kit?
vclaim-sno-seattle-police-chief-letter	"In a letter in July 2020, Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best told residents and business owners, ""We cannot enforce the law. You are on your own,"" or words to that effect."	Did Seattle Police Chief Tell Residents ‘We Cannot Enforce the Law, You Are On Your Own’?
vclaim-sno-seattle-police-confiscate-mans-guns-without-warrant	Police in Seattle took a man's gun away from him without a warrant.	Did Seattle Police Confiscate a Man’s Guns Without a Warrant?
vclaim-sno-seattle-tax-sweetened-drinks	Seattle has imposed an excise tax on the distributors of sweetened drinks.	Did the City of Seattle Add a ‘Sweetened Beverage Recovery Fee’?
vclaim-sno-second-aide-doxing	Samantha Davis, a former staff assistant to Sen. Maggie Hassan, pleaded guilty to crimes related to the hacking of government computers and the release of GOP senators’ addresses during Brett Kavanaugh’s final U.S. Supreme Court confirmation hearing.	Did a Second Aide to Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan Admit Role in Doxing GOP?
vclaim-sno-second-broward-county-death	"A second Broward County sheriff’s deputy died suspiciously after ""exposing"" the mass school shooting in Parkland, Florida."	Did a Second Broward County Sheriff’s Deputy Die After ‘Exposing’ the Parkland Shooting?
vclaim-sno-second-covid-stimulus-foreign-aid	The coronavirus relief package passed by U.S. Congress in December 2020 included aid to foreign countries, while giving Americans $600 relief checks.	Did Second COVID-19 Stimulus Include Foreign Aid?
vclaim-sno-second-gunman-shoot-fourth-floor-mandalay-bay	A second gunman fired at a crowd from the fourth floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino during the mass shooting in Las Vegas.	Did a Second Gunman Shoot From the Fourth Floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel?
vclaim-sno-second-wave-spanish-flu-wwi	People started to ignore social distancing rules during the 1918 pandemic, leading to a second wave of infections that killed more people than all of World War I.	Did Lack of Social Distancing in 1918 Pandemic Cause More Deaths Than WWI?
vclaim-sno-secret-pancakes-on-5-bill	Folding a $5 bill in a specific pattern will reveal a secret image of a stack of pancakes.	Secret Pancakes On $5 Bill
vclaim-sno-secret-room-new-york-apartment	"New York City resident Samantha Hartsoe found a ""secret"" room connected to her apartment through a hole behind her bathroom mirror."	Did a Woman Find a ‘Secret Room’ Behind the Bathroom Mirror of Her Apartment?
vclaim-sno-secret-sauce	Analysis of restaurant food eaten by a young woman reveals the presence of semen from HIV- or STD-positive men.	Semen Found in Fast Food
vclaim-sno-secret-service-adds-emotional-protection-division	"The Secret Service has launched an ""emotional protection"" unit for President Trump."	Did the Secret Service Add an ‘Emotional Protection Division’ for President Trump?
vclaim-sno-secret-service-broke-trump	As of August 2017, the Secret Service had run out of money for the year due to the demands of protecting President Trump and his family.	Has the Secret Service Gone ‘Broke’ Paying Agents to Protect the Trump Family?
vclaim-sno-secret-service-limo-video	A video shows Secret Service agents practicing for advanced reverse escapes at a racetrack.	Does This Video Show Secret Service Agents Training for ‘Advanced Reverse Escapes’?
vclaim-sno-secret-sisters-gift-exchange	"By participating in a Facebook ""secret sister"" gift exchange, you'll receive 36 gifts, books, or bottles of wine in exchange for one $10-15 contribution."	Secret Sisters Gift Exchange
vclaim-sno-secret-symbols-oreo-cookies	Symbols embossed on the exterior surfaces of Oreo cookies link the product to the alleged conspiratorial activities of the Knights Templar and Freemasons.	Do Oreo Cookies Carry a Secret Message?
vclaim-sno-secret-terrius-predict-covid19	"The television show ""My Secret Terrius"" predicted the 2020 COVID-19 outbreak."	Did the TV Show ‘My Secret Terrius’ Predict Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-section-bait	A Facebook user asked whether she could get a prenuptial agreement to protect her welfare benefits.	Welfare Prenuptial
vclaim-sno-secure-fence-act-50-billion-border	By passing the Secure Fence Act in 2006, U.S. Congress members were voting to allocate or set aside $50 billion in funding for border fencing.	Did Congress ‘Set Aside’ $50 Billion in 2006 for the Construction of Border Fencing?
vclaim-sno-see-no-crime-stop-no-crime	The Supreme Court has ruled that police can no longer stop, speak to, or look at any member of the public.	Supreme Court: Cops Can't Stop, Speak or Look in General Direction of Any Person for Any Reason
vclaim-sno-see-through-loo	Photographs show a public toilet made with one-way glass walls.	See-Through Loo
vclaim-sno-seesaws-at-us-mexico-border	An artist installed seesaws at the border of the United States and Mexico.	Were Seesaws Installed at the U.S.-Mexico Border?
vclaim-sno-seinfeld-on-speed	TBS speeds up episodes of	Does TBS Speed Up Seinfeld Episodes?
vclaim-sno-self-destruction	Photograph shows a honeymooner taking an underwater selfie moments before he was killed by a shark.	Man Takes Selfie Moments Before Deadly Shark Attack
vclaim-sno-self-inflicted-hiv-in-greece	Greek citizens are self-inflicting HIV in order to collect government benefits.	Self-Inflicted HIV in Greece
vclaim-sno-selfie-service	The American Psychiatric Association has classified the taking of ‘selfies’ as a mental disorder.	American Psychiatric Association Classifies Taking of 'Selfies' as a Mental Disorder
vclaim-sno-selfie-taken-dead-coworker	A photograph shows a group of people playfully gathered around their co-worker after he died of a heart attack.	Did These People Take a Selfie with Co-Worker Who Died of a Heart Attack?
vclaim-sno-sell-testicles	A university medical school will pay you upwards of $50,000 for the donation of a testicle.	Can You Sell a Testicle for $35,000 to $50,000?
vclaim-sno-semen-reduces-plaque-and-tartar	The American Dental Association said semen cuts plaque and tartar by 77%.	Did the ADA Say Semen Reduces Plaque and Tartar by 77%?
vclaim-sno-semper-fight	Speech by Franklin Graham laments that the American dream ended with the re-election of Barack Obama.	The American Dream Ended Last Night in Ohio?
vclaim-sno-senate-vote-count-aca	The senate voted 51-48 to repeal the Affordable Care Act on 12 January 2017.	Senate Voted 51-48 to Repeal the Affordable Care Act?
vclaim-sno-senator-daughter-serial-killer	"""Anne Marie Scott"", daughter of U.S. Senator ""James Montgomery"", was charged with a series of murders."	Female Serial Killer is the Daughter of a United States Senator?
vclaim-sno-senator-tom-cotton-gold-pile	A photograph shows U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton of Arkansas sitting on a pile of gold during his time in the military.	Is This US Sen. Tom Cotton Sitting on a Pile of Gold?
vclaim-sno-senators-busted-prostitution-ring	Three New Jersey state senators were arrested in connection with a child prostitution ring.	Were Three Democratic Senators Busted for Running an Underage Prostitution Ring?
vclaim-sno-sending-cash-u-s-mail-illegal	Sending cash through the U.S. mail is illegal.	Is Sending Cash by U.S. Mail Illegal?
vclaim-sno-senior-and-veterans-discounts	"A Democratic U.S. senator from Oregon ""pushed through"" a bill to eliminate all senior and veterans discounts."	Did Congress Eliminate All Senior and Veterans Discounts?
vclaim-sno-senior-death-warrants	Message warns that health care reform will be a “death warrant” for seniors.	Senior Death Warrants
vclaim-sno-seniors-beware	"""Obamacare"" mandates that no one over 75 will be given major medical procedures unless approved by an ethics panel."	Seniors Beware
vclaim-sno-seniors-medicare-immigrants	"Senior Citizens on Social Security in the U.S. have to pay for Medicare while ""illegal immigrants"" get it for free."	Do Seniors on Social Security Have to Pay for Medicare While ‘Illegal Immigrants’ Get It Free?
vclaim-sno-senomyx-flavor-additive	Products from Pepsi and other major food producers are 'manufactured using the tissue of aborted human babies.'	Were Food Companies Caught Using Aborted Babies in Flavor Additives?
vclaim-sno-sensitive-personal-information-police-officers	A web site allows criminals to look up the personal information of police officers.	Does FamilyTreeNow Display Sensitive Personal Information?
vclaim-sno-sentenced-reduced-3-year-old-asked	A judge cut fifteen years off the sentence of a man convicted of lewd acts with a 3-year-old girl because the perpetrator claimed the child had 'asked to be raped.'	Did a Judge Cut a Pedophile’s Prison Term Because He Claimed a 3-Year-Old ‘Asked’ to Be Raped?
vclaim-sno-seppukuma	Japanese engineers have created a robotic bear to aid in assisted suicides.	Japanese Engineers Design Robotic Bear to Aid in Assisted Suicide?
vclaim-sno-serena-williams-sick-of-covid	"Tennis star Serena Williams posted a message on social media that began, ""I'm sick of COVID-19. I'm sick of black vs. white. I'm sick of Republicans vs. Democrats."""	Did Tennis Star Serena Williams Write the Viral ‘I’m Sick of COVID-19’ Post?
vclaim-sno-serenity-prayer	The serenity prayer was authored by	Who Wrote the Serenity Prayer?
vclaim-sno-seresto-pet-collars-deaths	Seresto pet collars caused 1,698 pet deaths in the United States.	Did Seresto Pet Collars Cause 1,698 Dog and Cat Deaths?
vclaim-sno-sergeant-gregory-hayes	Ret. Sgt. Gregory Hayes beat two Syrian refugees to death after they raped his daughter, and now faces life in prison.	Did Sgt. Gregory Hayes Kill Two Syrian Refugees for Raping His Daughter?
vclaim-sno-sergio-vega-murder	Sergio Vega was murdered scant hours after dispelling rumors of his death.	Sergio Vega Murder
vclaim-sno-serotonin-gut-90	At least 90% of the neurotransmitter serotonin is found in the gastrointestinal tract.	Is 90% of Serotonin Found in the Gut?
vclaim-sno-serve-cold	Three streakers had their car stolen while they were running nude through a restaurant.	Streakers’ Car Stolen
vclaim-sno-servers-clinton-house-fire	The FBI was on its way to a residence owned by the Clintons when a fire destroyed a room full of servers and hard drives.	Was a Room Full of Servers and Hard Drives Destroyed in a Clinton House Fire?
vclaim-sno-service-dog-owner-help	A service dog will approach a stranger to find help if their owner is having a medical emergency.	If a Service Dog Approaches Without  Owner, Does It Need Help?
vclaim-sno-sesame-street-john-john	"A child named ""John-John"" who appeared on ""Sesame Street"" in 1971 is now a registered sex offender."	Did ‘John-John’ From ‘Sesame Street’ End Up On a Sex Offender List?
vclaim-sno-sessions-marijuana-abortions	Attorney General Jeff Sessions said using marijuana leads to more sex, thus causing more unwanted pregnancies and more abortions.	Did Jeff Sessions Say Marijuana Use Leads to Abortions?
vclaim-sno-seth-conrad-rich	DNC staffer Seth Rich was gunned down to prevent him from meeting with the FBI over plans to testify against Hillary Clinton.	Was DNC Worker Seth Conrad Rich Gunned Down on His Way to Meet the FBI?
vclaim-sno-seth-rich-dnc-wikileaks-murder	DNC staffer Seth Rich sent 'thousands of leaked e-mails' to WikiLeaks before he was murdered.	Did DNC Staffer Seth Rich Send ‘Thousands of E-Mails’ to WikiLeaks Before He Was Murdered?
vclaim-sno-seth-rich-parents-thank-internet-wikileaks	"The parents of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich thanked ""the Internet"" for spreading a debunked claim he had leaked thousands of e-mails to WikiLeaks."	Seth Rich’s Parents ‘Thank’ Internet for Spreading Rumor He Leaked Thousands of E-Mails to WikiLeaks?
vclaim-sno-seuss-vonnegut-college	Authors Dr. Seuss and Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. were college classmates and fraternity brothers.	Were Dr. Seuss and Kurt Vonnegut College Classmates?
vclaim-sno-seven-dead-by-isis	An ISIS attack claimed seven lives in a U.S. town.	Seven People ‘Dead by ISIS’ in Local Attack
vclaim-sno-seven-hit-wonders	Someone who has taken LSD more than seven times is automatically deemed legally insane.	LSD Insanity
vclaim-sno-seven-witnesses-to-vegas-shooting-died-suspicious	"Seven ""key witnesses"" to the 1 October 2017 mass shooting in Las Vegas have suspiciously died in a cover-up."	Did Seven ‘Key Witnesses’ to Las Vegas Shooting Die Under ‘Suspicious Circumstances’?
vclaim-sno-seven-year-snitch	Retired CIA agent Normand Hodges confessed on his deathbed to assassinating Marilyn Monroe.	Retired CIA Agent Confesses on Deathbed: ‘I Killed Marilyn Monroe’
vclaim-sno-sew-shrimp-curtains-revenge	A jilted woman sews shrimp into the curtain hems of the house she shares with her lover, and the impossible-to-locate stench drives him and his new lady love to sell the house.	Did a Woman Sew Shrimp Into Curtains to Get Even With Her Cheating Partner?
vclaim-sno-sewing-discontent	Image reproduces women’s housekeeping and grooming instructions from a 1949 Singer sewing manual.	Advice from a 1949 Singer Sewing Manual
vclaim-sno-sewn-from-whole-cloth	Photograph depicts a woman in Saudi Arabia whose mouth and eye were sewn shut because she professed her Christian faith.	Christian Woman Has Mouth, Eye Sewn Shut in Saudi Arabia for Professing Jesus as Her Savior
vclaim-sno-sex-bracelets	Youngsters signal sexual availability with jelly bracelets.	Sex Bracelets
vclaim-sno-sex-doll-funeral-home	"The son of a Milwaukee funeral home owner constructed a ""sex doll"" out of parts taken from the bodies taken to his parents' business."	Did a Funeral Home Owner’s Son Build a ‘Sex Doll’ Out of Body Parts?
vclaim-sno-sex-lecture	A photograph from the 1920s shows a group of women listening to a lecture about sex.	Sex Lecture in the 1920s
vclaim-sno-sex-robot-cooking-cleaning	In January 2018, technology companies revealed plans to sell a sex robot that can cook and clean by 2019.	Will a Cooking, Cleaning Sex Robot Be Available by 2019?
vclaim-sno-sex-roulette	"""Sex roulette"" is a new sexual trend in which one attendee at an orgy is HIV-positive."	Sex Roulette
vclaim-sno-sex-traffickers-tagging-cars	"Sex traffickers are tagging vehicles as potential targets with codes such as ""1f1b."""	Are Sex Traffickers Tagging Cars as Potential Targets?
vclaim-sno-sex-trafficking-girls-snapchat	A sex-trafficking ring is using Snapchat to locate and kidnap unwitting girls into sex-trafficking operations in Lawrence, Mass.	Is a Sex-Trafficking Ring Adding Girls on Snapchat to Easily Locate, Kidnap Them?
vclaim-sno-sex-trafficking-lying-road-trick	In late 2019, a pattern of incidents existed whereby motorists were tricked into stopping their cars by a person lying in the road, as part of a prevalent sex-trafficking tactic in Tampa, Florida.	Did Sex Traffickers in Florida Trick Motorists By Lying in the Road?
vclaim-sno-sexual-assault-pre-existing	Rape would be designated a pre-existing condition under the American Health Care Act.	Is Sexual Assault a Pre-Existing Condition Under ‘Trumpcare’?
vclaim-sno-shadow-caravan	A photograph shows an overhead view of shadows cast by camels in the desert.	Camel Shadows in the Desert
vclaim-sno-shady-doings	A U.S. serviceman was refused service at the Shady Maple restaurant.	Shady Maple Serviceman Refusal
vclaim-sno-shafted	A golfer angered by a bad shot was killed by the club he threw in frustration.	Golf Club Death
vclaim-sno-shahada-been-there	President Obama secretly signaled solidarity to African leaders at the White House using a Muslim hand gesture known as the ‘Shahada.’	Obama Flashes Muslim 'Shahada' Gang Sign
vclaim-sno-shake-phone-facebook-jail	A new Facebook feature enabling users to report problems by shaking their phones has caused some users to be inadvertently reported for abuse and suspended.	Does Facebook Have ‘Shake-to-Report’ Feature That Lands Users in ‘Facebook Jail’?
vclaim-sno-shakira-music-israelis	During an MTV appearance, singer Shakira said she'd rather have pigs listening to her music than Israelis.	Did Shakira Say ‘I’d Rather Have Pigs Listen to My Music Than Israelis’?
vclaim-sno-shamboiling	Boiling shampoo and inhaling the fumes to get high is a common practice among teenagers.	Shamboiling
vclaim-sno-shane-patrick-boyle-died-after-starting-a-gofundme-campaign-for-insulin	A man named Shane Patrick Boyle died shortly after starting a GoFundMe fundraiser for insulin.	Did Shane Patrick Boyle Die After Fundraising to Pay for Insulin?
vclaim-sno-shanell-rivers-put-blood-dog-feces-into-starbucks-products	A woman named Shanell Rivers put blood and dog feces into various products at a Starbucks in Atlanta.	Were Blood, Dog Feces Hidden Inside Starbucks Products?
vclaim-sno-shania-jones-cross-eyed-arrest	A fake news article reported that a cross-eyed woman cut off her partner's penis after he refused to look her in the eye during sex.	Crazed Woman Cuts Off Man’s Penis for Not Making Eye Contact During Sex
vclaim-sno-share-iah-coke	Photograph shows a bottle of Coca-Cola with the words “Share a Coke with Isis” printed across the front.	Share a Coke with ISIS
vclaim-sno-share-the-safety-nra	"The National Rifle Association launched a ""Share the Safety"" campaign, enabling people to donate guns to those who live in at-risk neighborhoods."	‘Share the Safety’ Web Site Not Affiliated with the NRA
vclaim-sno-share-your-ears-disney	If you share a photo of yourself wearing Mickey Mouse ears, Disney Parks will donate $5 to the Make-A-Wish foundation.	‘Share Your Ears’ Make-A-Wish Disney Fundraiser?
vclaim-sno-sharia-flaw	Circulating images depict a bloody Muslim ritual that took place in Atlanta.	Muslims in Atlanta Encourage Children to Mutilate Themselves with Knives?
vclaim-sno-sharia-law-muslim-no-go-zones	"A number of localities in the United States, France, and Britain are considered Muslim ""no-go zones"" (operating under Sharia Law) where local laws are not applicable."	Sharia Law Muslim ‘No-Go’ Zones
vclaim-sno-sharia-law-texas	Sharia law has been established in a jurisdiction in Texas.	Was Sharia Law Established in Texas?
vclaim-sno-sharia-law-trump-schools-supreme-court	The Supreme Court ruled 5-3 that schools may not teach Sharia law to students.	Did the Supreme Court Side with Trump on Schools Teaching ‘Sharia Law’?
vclaim-sno-sharia-zone-housing-project-wva	A new housing project is being built in West Virginia that will house 321 Syrian refugees at taxpayer expense while displacing Americans currently living there.	Is West Virginia Building a ‘Sharia Zone’ Housing Project for Syrian Refugees?
vclaim-sno-shariah-law-legal-texas	A federal judge ruled that three items of Sharia law are now deemed to be legal in the state of Texas.	Did a Federal Judge Rule Three Items of Sharia Law Are Now Legal in Texas?
vclaim-sno-sharifa-alkhateeb-video	A video shows Sharifa Alkhateeb speaking about converting America to Islam.	Did Sharifa Alkhateeb Talk About Using Public Schools to Convert America to Islam?
vclaim-sno-shark-account	Including a fake e-mail address in your address book will prevent your PC from spreading computer viruses.	How to Protect Your Address Book
vclaim-sno-shark-attack-the-shallows-movie	A video shows a shark attacking a surfer.	Shocking Video Shows Shark Attacking Surfer
vclaim-sno-shark-attack	The media is aware that the bull shark that mauled 8-year-old Jessie Arbogast was one his uncle had been fishing for and fighting on a line for two hours, but they are suppressing that information.	Shark Attack
vclaim-sno-shark-attacks-navy-diver	Photograph shows a shark attacking a British Navy diver.	Is This Shark Attacking a British Navy Diver?
vclaim-sno-shark-bait	Fisherman on Réunion Island employ live dogs as bait for shark-fishing.	Dogs as Shark Bait?
vclaim-sno-shark-photobomb	Photograph shows a pair of 12-year-old surfers photobombed by a shark.	Shark Photobomb?
vclaim-sno-shark-prank	A 15-ton “giant shark,” previously believed to be extinct (and a “a parent of the Megalodon”) was captured off the coast of Pakistan by local fishermen.	Prehistoric Shark Found in Pakistan
vclaim-sno-shark-street-hurricane	A photograph shows a shark swimming down a highway after a hurricane.	Does This Picture Show a Shark Swimming Down a Highway After a Hurricane?
vclaim-sno-shark-surfin	Photograph shows a surfer’s close encounter with a lurking shark.	Shark Surfin’
vclaim-sno-shark-tale	Members of Led Zeppelin once employed a mud shark on a female groupie.	Did Members of Led Zeppelin Pleasure a Groupie with a Mud Shark?
vclaim-sno-shark-tank-endorse-keto-pill	"A “keto” diet pill was successfully presented on the television show ""Shark Tank."""	Did ‘Shark Tank’ Endorse a Keto Diet Pill?
vclaim-sno-shark-tank	Photograph shows sharks swimming at the bottom of an escalator after the collapse of a shark tank.	Escalator Threatened by Collapsed Shark Tank
vclaim-sno-sharks-functionally-extinct	"Reef sharks are becoming “functionally extinct."""	Are Reef Sharks Becoming ‘Functionally Extinct’?
vclaim-sno-sharks-killed-for-covid-vaccine	Shark Allies, a shark conservation group, estimated that as many as 550,000 wild sharks could be killed for their squalene, a natural chemical found in their liver, to produce a COVID-19 vaccine.	Will Over Half A Million Sharks Be Killed for COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-sharks-love	A shark developed an affection for the fisherman who saved her life.	Shark’s Love – Arnold Pointer
vclaim-sno-sharks-on-power-lines-hurricane	A photograph shows sharks stuck in power lines after Hurricane Laura in 2020.	Does a Photo Show Sharks on a Power Line After Hurricane Laura?
vclaim-sno-sharpie-anniversary-giveaway-scam	Sharpie is giving a giant set of markers to all Facebook users who follow a short series of steps.	Sharpie Anniversary Giveaway Scam
vclaim-sno-sharpie-shock-challenge	"""Sharpie Shock Challenge"" videos show people getting shocked by their camera's flash."	Sharpie Shock Challenge
vclaim-sno-sharpie-trump-ballots-arizona	Arizona polling places gave out Sharpie pens to Trump supporters, use of which invalidated their ballots.	Were Trump Ballots Marked with Sharpies Disqualified in Arizona?
vclaim-sno-sharpton-murdered-terrorists	"The Rev. Al Sharpton was shot to death in Chicago by members of a ""domestic terrorist group."""	Rev. Al Sharpton Murdered — 2 Suspects in Custody Belong to Terrorist Group?
vclaim-sno-shaun-king-jesus-statue	"Racial justice activist Shaun King said statues of ""white Jesus"" should be torn down."	Did Activist Shaun King Say ‘White Jesus’ Statues Should Come Down?
vclaim-sno-shaun-of-the-dead-protesters	A photograph shows a group of people outside of the Ohio Statehouse protesting shelter-in-place laws put in place during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Is This ‘Shaun of the Dead’ Meme Mocking Real Ohio Protesters?
vclaim-sno-shaving-cream-prank	The contents of a few cans of frozen shaving cream will, when thawed, expand to fill an automobile.	Will a Few Cans of Frozen Shaving Cream Fill Up a Car with Foam?
vclaim-sno-shawn-vernon	A Marine named Shawn Vernon seeks help in locating a box of lost shirts.	Shawn Vernon Appeal to Find Lost Shirts
vclaim-sno-sheep-walking-through-gate	A photograph shows a group of sheep squeezing through a gate, despite no fence hemming them in.	Sheep Walking Through Gate
vclaim-sno-sheepish-discovery	Thousands of Japanese pet owners were victimized by swindlers who sold them sheep and told them the animals were poodles.	Sheep Sold as Poodles
vclaim-sno-sheet-dreams-are-made-of-these	Orthodox jews engage in marital relations through a hole in a sheet.	Do Orthodox Jews Have Marital Relations Through a Hole in a Sheet?
vclaim-sno-sheila-jackson-lee-homicide	"U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee said, ""Homicide is the leading cause of murder."""	Did Sheila Jackson Lee Say This About Murder?
vclaim-sno-shelby-meijer-human-trafficking	A 25-year-old woman was drugged and nearly abducted by sex traffickers in the bathroom of a Shelby Township Meijer in August 2017.	Shelby Township Meijer ‘Human Trafficking’ Warning
vclaim-sno-shelia-fedrick-human-traffickers	Alaska Airlines flight attendant saved a young female passenger from human trafficking during a flight in 2011.	Did Flight Attendant Shelia Fedrick Save a Girl from Human Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-shelia-jackson-tweet-president-trump-determined-start-war-north-japan	Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tx.) tweeted that President Trump was determined to start a war with 'North Japan'.	Did a Congresswoman Tweet that Trump Wanted War with ‘North Japan’?
vclaim-sno-shell-trump-rally-pay	In August 2019, workers at the Shell plant in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, were told to either attend a speech by U.S. President Donald Trump or lose pay.	Were Shell Workers in Pennsylvania Told to Attend a Trump Rally or Lose Pay?
vclaim-sno-shelter-closure	An animal shelter will soon be closing or moving and will euthanize all the animals currently in their care that have not been adopted.	Shelter Closure
vclaim-sno-shelter-pets-surrender-photo	A photograph shows people lining up outside a Houston, Texas shelter to turn in unwanted animals to be euthanized.	Does a Viral Image Show People Lining Up to Surrender Their Pets for Euthanasia?
vclaim-sno-shepard-smith-fired-from-fox-news	"Longtime Fox News anchor Shepard Smith has been fired for being ""too controversial."""	Was Shepard Smith Fired from Fox News?
vclaim-sno-sheriff-joes-letter	Letter from Sheriff Joe Arpaio rebuffs Rev. Al Sharpton’s demands that he resign.	Sheriff Arpaio’s Letter to Al Sharpton
vclaim-sno-sheriff-message-el-paso-killings	El Paso County Sheriff Richard Wiles wrote a viral piece of text about the August 2019 mass shooting in El Paso, Texas.	Was a Statement About El Paso Mass Shooting Written by Sheriff?
vclaim-sno-sheriff-nike-shirt-mugshots	The Union County Sheriff's Department in Arkansas dressed numerous arrestees in Nike shirts for their mugshots as a jab at the company.	Did a Sheriff’s Dept. Dress Arrestees in Nike Shirts for Their Mugshots?
vclaim-sno-sheriff-tim-mueller	Linn County Sheriff Tim Mueller sent a letter to Vice President Biden stating that he would not enforce any “unconstitutional regulations” regarding gun rights.	Sheriff Tim Mueller
vclaim-sno-sheriffs-deputies-point-guns-teens	While responding to a 911 assault report, Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies pointed firearms at teenagers — two of whom were Black — after witnesses said the teens themselves were the victims of an attack by a knife-wielding man.	Did LA Sheriff’s Deputies Point Guns at Teenage Assault Victims?
vclaim-sno-sherri-shepherd-death-hoax	Actress and comedian Sherri Shepherd has died of a heart attack.	Celebrity Death Hoax: Sherri Shepherd
vclaim-sno-shes-in-the-attic	An actress' stage performance as Anne Frank was so bad that audience members yelled 'She's in the attic!' when Nazi soldiers arrived onstage.	She’s in the Attic!
vclaim-sno-shifty-powers	General Chuck Yeager wrote an account of a chance encounter with Darrell “Shifty” Powers at a Philadelphia airport.	Shifty Powers
vclaim-sno-shine-my-shoes	"Elvis Presley once said, ""The only thing Negroes can do for me is buy my records and shine my shoes."""	Did Elvis Presley Really Say This About Black People?
vclaim-sno-shinzo-abe-roll-golf-bunker-round-trump	A video shows Prime Minister Shinzo Abe rolling down a golf bunker.	Did Shinzo Abe Tumble Down a Sand Trap During Golf with Trump?
vclaim-sno-ship-of-fools	Remains of a Viking ship were discovered on the banks of the Mississippi River near Memphis.	Viking Ship Discovered Near Mississippi River
vclaim-sno-ship-slip	A backdrop of naval vessels displayed at the 2012 Democratic National Convention included images of Russian warships.	Russian Ships Displayed at 2012 DNC Tribute to Vets
vclaim-sno-shirley-temple-whack	Maraschino cherries are produced using a toxic dye that has been banned for human consumption.	Were Maraschino Cherries Classified as Decorations, Not Food — Contain Toxic, Banned Dye?
vclaim-sno-shirley-you-jest	Actress Cindy Williams penned an editorial denouncing a proposed pay raise for the military.	Cindy Williams Criticizes Military Pay Raises
vclaim-sno-shirt-stop-2	Photograph shows Mitt Romney posing with children whose shirts spell out the word “MONEY.”	Mitt Romney ‘Money’ Shirts
vclaim-sno-shirt-windshield-carjack	A new tactic used by abductors and carjackers is to leave a shirt on a windshield to lure women out of their cars.	Are Carjackers Using Discarded Shirts as Bait to Lure Victims?
vclaim-sno-shirtless-donald-trump	A picture shows a young Donald Trump partying with his shirt off.	Is This a Picture of a Shirtless Trump?
vclaim-sno-shirts-blacks-for-trump	"A photograph shows a white couple wearing ""Blacks for Trump"" T-shirts."	Is This Photo of a Couple Wearing ‘Blacks for Trump’ Shirts Real?
vclaim-sno-shit-faced	"The word ""shit"" comes from an acronym for ""Ship High in Transit."""	Etymology of ‘Shit’
vclaim-sno-shiver-me-timberlands	Timberland is owned by the Ku Klux Klan, a situation lamented in a poem by Maya Angelou.	Timberland and Maya Angelou
vclaim-sno-shock-cover	The February 2015 issue of	Cosmopolitan Magazine Cover Features a Woman Suffocating?
vclaim-sno-shock-mcstuffins	The Disney Junior program	Curse Words in Doc McStuffins
vclaim-sno-shock-schlocktrine	Image depicts a toddler who was electrocuted after playing with an electrical cord.	Baby Killed by Electric Shock from Cord
vclaim-sno-shoe-of-mushroom-dog-hair	An eco-friendly shoe design released in 2021 proposed the item be made of mushrooms, corn leaves, and both human and dog hair.	Is This ‘Eco-Friendly’ Shoe Made of Mushroom and Dog Hair?
vclaim-sno-shoe-stopper	Condoleezza Rice shopped for expensive shoes during Hurricane Katrina.	Condoleezza Rice Shops for Shoes
vclaim-sno-shoebill-stork-real-animal	A video shows a real animal called the shoebill stork.	Is the Shoebill Stork a Real Animal?
vclaim-sno-shoot-me-kangaroo-down-sport	Australian programmers added armed kangaroos to a military defense simulation program.	Were Armed Kangaroos Added to a Military Combat Simulation Program?
vclaim-sno-shooting-star	A Tootsie Pop wrapper with a picture of an Indian shooting an arrow at a star on it can be redeemed with Tootsie Roll Industries for a free bag of candy.	Indian on the Tootsie Roll Wrapper
vclaim-sno-shooting-the-bull	Planned disposal of one animal precipitates the shooting of others.	Shooting the Bull
vclaim-sno-shopping-aisle-empty-socialism	A photograph shows an empty shopping aisle due to socialism.	Is This Shopping Aisle Empty Due to Socialism?
vclaim-sno-shopping-cart-origin	The shopping cart was not a resounding success when first introduced.	The Strange History of the Shopping Cart
vclaim-sno-shopping-mauled	A helpful male stranger begging a ride at a shopping mall turns out to be a crazed killer.	Hairy-Armed Hitchhiker
vclaim-sno-shopping-spree	A discount store chain threatened to bar a family from shopping at one of their stores due to the husband's pranking.	Did Walmart Ban a Family Over Husband’s Pranking?
vclaim-sno-shore-leave	The body of Osama bin Laden has washed ashore in India.	Osama bin Laden’s Body Washes Ashore
vclaim-sno-short-giraffe-photo	A photograph captures an unusually short, stocky giraffe.	Is This a Picture of an Unusually Short Giraffe?
vclaim-sno-short-sale	President Obama visited his Chicago home and found it had been foreclosed upon and a new family had moved in.	Short Sale
vclaim-sno-short-tailed-weasel	A photograph shows a short-tailed weasel.	Is This a ‘Short-Tailed Weasel’?
vclaim-sno-shortchanging-the-subject	A professor well known for always asking the same essay question on his final examination crosses up his class one year and substitutes a different question.  An unprepared student finds a way of answering the original question anyway.	Trick Answer
vclaim-sno-shortest-fattest-tallest-man-cards	"A photograph shows ""the shortest, fattest, and tallest men in Europe"" playing cards in 1919."	Does a Photo Show Shortest, Fattest, Tallest Men in Europe in 1919?
vclaim-sno-shot-whiskey-origin	"The phrase ""a shot of whiskey"" originated in the Old West, as a single bullet was worth roughly the same as the drink and often substituted for currency."	Did the Phrase ‘a Shot of Whiskey’ Originate in the Old West?
vclaim-sno-shots-fired-capitol	Shots were fired in the U.S. Capitol during electoral college riots on Jan. 6, 2021.	Were Shots Fired Inside Capitol During Electoral Count Riots?
vclaim-sno-should-eggs-be-refrigerated	Eggs shouldn't be refrigerated in the United States.	Should US Eggs Not Be Refrigerated?
vclaim-sno-should-we-drug-test-welfare-recipients	Drug testing welfare recipients (and then disqualifying those who fail from collecting benefits) is an effective method for saving taxpayer money.	Should We Drug Test Welfare Recipients?
vclaim-sno-shrink-a-penny-in-a-microwave	"A set of ""before-and-after"" pictures shows a penny that shrank after it was put in a microwave."	Will Putting a Penny in a Microwave Cause the Coin to Shrink?
vclaim-sno-shutdown-orders-damages	Pandemic-related shutdown orders are unconstitutional, and persons arrested for violating them can collect damages.	Can You Defy Pandemic Shutdown Orders and Collect Damages?
vclaim-sno-shuttle-launch-from-space	Photographs show a Space Shuttle launch viewed from the International Space Station.	Shuttle Launch Seen from Space
vclaim-sno-shyann-wells	A 14-year-old girl named Shy’ann Michelle Renee Wells is missing from her California home.	Missing Child: Shy’ann Michelle Renee Wells
vclaim-sno-siberian-tigers-washington-cascades	A photograph shows two Siberian tigers stalking a firefighter in the Washington Cascades.	Siberian Tigers Stalk Firefighter in Washington Cascades
vclaim-sno-sibling-rivalry	Family member runs obituary for deceased parent that maligns his siblings.	Josie Anello Obituary
vclaim-sno-sick-child-christmas-card-request	A child dying of cancer wants you to send him or her cards so they can get into the Guinness World Book of Records.	Sick Child Christmas Card Request
vclaim-sno-side-by-pesticide	The soft drinks Coca-Cola and Pepsi used as pesticides by farmers in India.	Are Coke and Pepsi Used as Pesticides in India?
vclaim-sno-sidewalk-paintings	Photographs show 3D-like sidewalk paintings done in chalk.	Sidewalk Paintings
vclaim-sno-sierra-lamar	A 15-year-old girl named Sierra LaMar is missing from her California home.	Missing Child: Sierra LaMar
vclaim-sno-sigh-of-resignation	President Obama will resign effective 1 January 2015 over new Benghazi revelations.	Obama to Resign January 1st Amid New Benghazi Revelations
vclaim-sno-sign-starbucks-racial-bias-training-single-white-people	"An official sign for Starbucks racial bias training explained that stores were closed to ""educate white people about their racism."""	Did a Sign for Starbucks Racial Bias Training Single Out White People?
vclaim-sno-signed-and-dated	Types of influenza outbreaks in recent years correspond to Chinese astrological symbols.	Chinese Astrology and Flu Outbreaks
vclaim-sno-signs-of-a-protest	"A photograph shows a protester holding a ""No mother should have to fear for her son's life every time he robs a store"" sign in front of a fire station in Ferguson, Missouri."	‘No Mother Should Have to Fear for Her Son’s Life Every Time He Robs a Store’
vclaim-sno-silence-is-golden	A litter of Golden Retriever puppies is about to be euthanized unless homes are quickly found for them.	Golden Retriever Puppies
vclaim-sno-silent-911	"Massachusetts offers a ""Silent 911 Call"" procedure for those who cannot speak openly to emergency dispatchers."	Massachusetts’ Silent 911 Call Procedure
vclaim-sno-silent-fireworks	"Several cities have started to use ""silent fireworks"" in order to make the shows more enjoyable for children, pets, and people with PTSD."	Silent Fireworks
vclaim-sno-silver-audi	Photographs show an Audi automobile made from solid silver.	Is This a Solid-Silver Audi?
vclaim-sno-simba-gay-lion-king-remake	Disney announced that the Simba character would be portrayed as gay in their remake of 'The Lion King.'	Will Simba the Lion Be Gay in ‘The Lion King’ Remake?
vclaim-sno-simba-vegan-lion-king-remake	"The character Simba will be a vegan in the 2019 remake of the Disney film ""The Lion King."""	Will Simba Be a Vegan in the ‘Lion King’ Remake?
vclaim-sno-simone-gold-capitol-riot	Simone Gold, who gained notoriety for promoting without evidence that hydroxychloroquine is a cure for COVID-19, was in the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6, 2021, riot.	Was ‘America’s Frontline Doctor’ Simone Gold at US Capitol Attack?
vclaim-sno-simple-math-on-biden-votes	U.S. President-elect Joe Biden won millions more votes than there were eligible voters in the 2020 election.	Does ‘Simple Math’ Show Biden Received More Votes Than Eligible Voters?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-jake-angeli	"The character Goundskeeper Willie was once depicted in an episode of ""The Simpsons"" in similar horned attire worn by one of the pro-Trump rioters in D.C. on Jan. 6, 2021."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Pro-Trump Horned Rioter Jake Angeli?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-mayor-bahamas-trip	"In an episode of ""The Simpsons,"" Mayor Quimby says he is canceling a trip to the Bahamas while he's in the Bahamas, because of an ongoing epidemic."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Mayor Say He Canceled Trip to the Bahamas While in the Bahamas?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-pokemon-go-prediction	'The Simpsons' animated television series predicted the advent of the Pokemon Go game.	‘The Simpsons’ Predicted Pokemon Go
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-autocorrect	"The show ""The Simpsons"" predicted the common autocorrect feature on phones, tablets and computers."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Autocorrect?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-beirut-explosion	"""The Simpsons"" predicted the Beirut explosion in August 2020."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict the Beirut Explosion?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-coronavirus	"""The Simpsons"" TV show predicted the 2020 new coronavirus outbreak in a 1993 episode."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict the Coronavirus Outbreak?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-david-censors	"In a 1990 episode, ""The Simpsons"" predicted future real-life campaigns to censor and cover up replicas of Michelangelo's ""David"" statue."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict the Censorship of Michelangelo’s ‘David’?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-george-floyd	"The TV show ""The Simpsons"" predicted the death of George Floyd."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict George Floyd’s Death?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-kamala-harris	"The long-running animated sitcom ""The Simpsons"" predicted Kamala Harris would be elected vice president of the United States."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Kamala Harris Would Be VP?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-smartwatch	"The smartwatch was first predicted in an episode of ""The Simpsons."""	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict the Smartwatch?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-tom-hanks	"""The Simpsons"" predicted that Tom Hanks would host a television special on Inauguration Day in 2021."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Tom Hanks’ Role on Biden’s Inauguration Day?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-trump-orb	"""The Simpsons"" depicted that President Donald Trump would touch a glowing orb fifteen years before he actually did so during a trip to the Middle East."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict That President Trump Would Touch a Glowing Orb?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-trump	A video documents that The Simpsons anticipated in 2000 how Donald Trump would announce his presidential candidacy in 2015.	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict a Donald Trump Presidency?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predict-trumps-death	'The Simpsons' predicted President Donald Trump's death and showed him lying in a coffin.	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict President Trump’s Death?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predicted-trump-budget	"In an episode of ""The Simpsons"" from 2000, Lisa Simpson said: ""As you know, we've inherited quite a budget crunch from President Trump."""	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Post-Trump Budget Woes?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-predicts-2020-in-1993	"""The Simpsons"" television show predicted the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic and ""murder wasp"" incursion in a 1993 episode."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Events of 2020 Back in 1993?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-trump-buy-greenland	"An episode of ""The Simpsons"" predicted that U.S. President Donald Trump would cancel his trip to Denmark after the prime minister refused to sell Greenland to the United States."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ Predict Trump Would Try to Buy Greenland?
vclaim-sno-simpsons-tv-notre-dame-fire	"""The Simpsons"" television show predicted the fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in France in April 2019."	Did ‘The Simpsons’ TV Show Predict the Fire at Notre Dame?
vclaim-sno-sinbad-movie-shazaam	"The 1990s movie ""Shazaam"" starred comedian Sinbad as a genie."	Did Sinbad Play a Genie in the 1990s Movie ‘Shazaam’?
vclaim-sno-sinclair-lewis-on-fascism	"Sinclair Lewis said ""When fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross."""	Did Sinclair Lewis Say This About Fascism in America?
vclaim-sno-sinema-cake	"U.S. Sen. Krysten Sinema brought cake to the Senate when she voted against including a federal minimum wage increase in a $1.9 trillion COVID-19 relief package, prompting comparisons to Marie Antoinette's alleged remark about her impoverished subjects, ""Let them eat cake."""	Did Sinema Have ‘Let Them Eat Cake’ Moment While Voting Against Raising Minimum Wage?
vclaim-sno-singapore-woman-photocopier-breasts	A woman was hospitalized with burns after photocopying her breasts in Bishan, Singapore.	Was a Singaporean Woman Injured While Photocopying Her Breasts?
vclaim-sno-singer-james-blunt-prevent-world-war-iii	Singer James Blunt once refused to follow orders that could have triggered World War III while serving with the British Army in Kosovo.	Did Singer James Blunt Prevent World War III?
vclaim-sno-single-mother-birth-certificate	Lawmakers in Illinois proposed a bill to prevent single mothers from obtaining birth certificates for their children.	Illinois Single Mother Birth Certificate Controversy
vclaim-sno-singoletta-future-car	An illustration from a 1962 Italian magazine shows an imagined scene from the year 2022.	Is This a 1962 Vision of Life in 2022?
vclaim-sno-sinking-library	A famed college library is sinking into the ground because its architect failed to take the weight of the books into account.	The Sinking Library
vclaim-sno-sinking-the-sub-club	Subway is ending its long-running Sub Club promotion due to the prevalence of counterfeit stamps.	Subway Counterfeit Coupons
vclaim-sno-sinko-de-mayo	Cargo lost in the Titanic's sinking led to the creation of the Cinco de Mayo observance.	Sinko de Mayo
vclaim-sno-sioux-sorry	A bill signed by President Obama mistakenly ceded all of South Dakota to the Sioux.	Congress Accidentally Gives South Dakota Back to Sioux
vclaim-sno-siri-charge-phone-police	"Telling Siri to ""charge my phone to 100 percent"" will cause the virtual assistant to surreptitiously dial 911 or summon emergency services."	Telling Siri to ‘Charge My Phone to 100%’ Summons Police
vclaim-sno-sister-act-2	Photographs show a pair of black and white fraternal twin girls.	Mixed Twins
vclaim-sno-sister-act	Psychopaths can be identified by the answer they give to a one-question test.	Does a One-Question Test Reveal Psychopaths?
vclaim-sno-six-antifa-beatup-video	A video shows six Antifa members beating up an individual during an August 2018 alt-right protest in Washington D.C.	Does This Video Show Six Antifa Members Beating Up a Person During an August 2018 Rally?
vclaim-sno-six-flags-flooding-photo	A photograph depicts a Six Flags roller coaster under floodwaters in St. Louis in May 2017.	Six Flags Roller Coaster Flooding
vclaim-sno-six-year-old-happy-meal-doesnt-rot	"Photographs of a six-year-old Happy Meal document that McDonald's food items don't break down or rot like ""real"" food."	Does McDonald’s Food Not Rot?
vclaim-sno-sixth-form-poet-wife	@SixthFormPoet's viral Twitter story about meeting his wife at the graveside of a triple-murderer was substantively accurate.	Did ‘@SixthFormPoet’ Really Meet His Wife at the Graveside of a Triple-Murderer?
vclaim-sno-size-of-indianapolis-speedway	Vatican City, the Taj Mahal, Yankee Stadium and five other landmarks could all fit inside the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.	Size of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway
vclaim-sno-skadden-on-thin-ice	An intern at a prestigious law firm sent an embarrassing message to multiple co-workers	Did an Intern at a Prestigious Law Firm Send This Embarrassing Email?
vclaim-sno-skateboarder-explodes	A video shows a suicide bomber exploding after falling off a skateboard.	Suicide Bomber Explodes After Falling Off Skateboard
vclaim-sno-skechers-chemical-burns	A 9-year-old boy suffered burns to his feet after the light-up soles on his Skechers shoes got wet.	Did a Child Suffer Chemical Burns from a Skechers Light-Up Shoe?
vclaim-sno-skeleton-key	A photograph shows two young boys named Jason and Jimmy Garret who disappeared from their home in 1920 after discovering a treasure map.	Did These Boys Disappear After Discovering a Treasure Map?
vclaim-sno-skeleton-strippers-halloween	A Texas resident created a Halloween skeleton strip club in her yard for Halloween.	Did a Texas Woman Display a ‘Skeleton Strip Club’ in Her Yard for Halloween?
vclaim-sno-skiing-ostriches-real	A video shows a group of ostriches skiing down a mountain.	Are These Skiing Ostriches Real?
vclaim-sno-skinhead-cop-tattoo-jewish	"A photograph shared on social media in mid-2019 shows a ""skinhead"" police officer with a ""right-wing militia"" tattoo."	Does This Photo Show ‘Skinhead Cop with a Right-Wing Militia Tattoo’ Arresting a Jewish Protester?
vclaim-sno-skinned-flick	Ghosts of two murdered teen girls return to kill and skin parents who failed to tell their subsequent son of the girls' existence.	Did the Ghosts of Two Teens Return to Kill and Skin Their Parents?
vclaim-sno-skinny-joey-merlino-biden	"Reputed mobster ""Skinny Joey"" Merlino was hired by the Biden campaign to rig the 2020 U.S. election."	Did Biden Hire ‘Skinny Joey’ Merlino To Rig Election?
vclaim-sno-sky-writing	Writing “Fast. Neat. Average.” on a piece of paper or napkin and passing it to a flight attendant will get you invited up to visit an airliner’s cockpit.	Fast. Neat. Average.
vclaim-sno-skydiver-dragged-by-737	A skydiver survived after being caught and dragged by a 737 jet for 200 miles.	Did a Skydiver Survive Being Dragged by a 737?
vclaim-sno-skylar-neese	A 16-year-old girl named Skylar-Earl Neese is missing from her West Virginia home.	Missing Child: Skylar Neese
vclaim-sno-skyway-to-heaven	Airlines will not pair Christian pilots and	Christian Pilots and the Rapture
vclaim-sno-slake-michigan	Michigan has passed a law exempting emergency medical personnel from treating gay people.	Did Michigan Exempt Emergency Medical Personnel from Treating Gay People?
vclaim-sno-slashed-tires-protests	Law enforcement officers in Minnesota slashed the tires of cars parked near demonstrations against police brutality in May 2020.	Did Police Slash Tires at Minneapolis Protests?
vclaim-sno-slaughterhouse-murder-arrest	An employee at a meat packing plant killed 71 coworkers over 17 years.	Did a Slaughterhouse Employee Murder 71 Coworkers?
vclaim-sno-slay-cheese	Pieces of cheese with nails in them and other booby-trapped treats have been found at dog parks.	Hazardous Treats Found at Dog Parks
vclaim-sno-slayer-of-selena-set-free	Tejano singer Selena’s killer, Yolanda Saldivar, has been granted early parole.	Killer of ‘Tejano Queen’ Selena, Yolanda Saldivar, to Be Granted Early Release from Prison
vclaim-sno-sleeping-lady-mountain	A photograph taken from a drone shows the 'Sleeping Lady' mountain in Alaska.	Is This a Photo of Alaska’s ‘Sleeping Lady’ Mountain?
vclaim-sno-sleepy-eyes-anti-semitic-slur	"President Donald Trump was using an anti-Semitic slur when he called NBC host Chuck Todd ""sleepy eyes."""	Is ‘Sleepy Eyes’ an Anti-Semitic Slur?
vclaim-sno-slenderman-beauty-beast-disney	"An image of ""Slenderman"" can be glimpsed in the 1991 Disney movie ""Beauty and the Beast."""	Was ‘Slenderman’ Spotted in Disney’s ‘Beauty and the Beast’?
vclaim-sno-slenderman-how-train-your-dragon	"A video shows Slenderman lurking in the background of the animated movie ""How To Train Your Dragon."""	Was ‘Slenderman’ Spotted in ‘How To Train Your Dragon’?
vclaim-sno-slenderman	"There is a faceless, semi-human monster called Slenderman who stands eight feet tall, has tentacles for arms, stalks and eats small children, and communicates telepathically with his human servants, called ""proxies."""	The Truth About Slenderman
vclaim-sno-sliders	"""Sliders"" steal women's purses from cars while their owners are busy pumping gas."	‘Slider’ Purse-Snatchers
vclaim-sno-slim-jim-deaths	Police officers coming to the aid of motorists locked out of their cars are dying in freak airbag accidents.	Slim Jim Deaths
vclaim-sno-slime-health-risks	“Slime,” a do-it-yourself gooey craft project containing borax, white glue, and shaving cream, comes with serious health risks.	Does the “Slime” Craze Bring Serious Health Risks?
vclaim-sno-sloan-kettering-mrna-cancer	According to research by scientists at the Sloan Kettering Institute, mRNA vaccines may interfere with tumor-suppressing genes in a way that could promote cancer.	No, Sloan Kettering Scientists Did Not Discover That mRNA Vaccines ‘Promote Cancer’
vclaim-sno-slots-of-fun	Drug users are disposing of their used needles by putting them into the coin return slots of public telephones, thereby infecting unsuspecting victims with hepatitis and HIV.	HIV Needles in Coin Returns
vclaim-sno-slow-dance	"A terminally ill girl wrote a poem entitled ""Slow Dance."""	Slow Dance
vclaim-sno-slow-motion-commotion	Doper trying to avoid police attention is pulled over for driving far under the speed limit.	Slow-Driving Doper
vclaim-sno-slow-mow	The state of New York is requiring residents to take their lawn mowers for annual safety inspections.	FALSE: State Requires Annual Lawn Mower Safety Inspections
vclaim-sno-slutwalk-image-womens-march	Images depict scantily clad women taking part in a January 2017 Women's March event.	‘Slutwalk’ Image Repurposed as Women’s March Photograph
vclaim-sno-small-change	Barack Obama urged his supporters to join him in changing “the greatest nation in the history of the world.”	Greatest Nation
vclaim-sno-small-child-handcuffed-at-dulles	A photograph shows a small boy who was handcuffed at Dulles Airport due to temporary immigration restrictions implemented in January 2017.	Was a Small Child Handcuffed at Dulles Airport Due to Entry Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-smart-dust	"An image shows ""smart dust""  miniaturized RFID technology developed by Hitachi."	Is This a Picture of Hitachi ‘Smart Dust’?
vclaim-sno-smartphone-pictures-pose-privacy-risks	Photos taken with your smartphone can provide others with the locations of the people pictured and allow hackers to clone your phone.	Smartphone Pictures Pose Privacy Risks
vclaim-sno-smartphone-pinky	Holding a smartphone incorrectly will result in a finger deformity known as “smartphone pinky.”	Will Holding a Smartphone Cause a Finger Deformity?
vclaim-sno-smax-factor	The average woman swallows six pounds of lipstick during her lifetime.	Swallowed Lipstick
vclaim-sno-smile-sun-bird-photo	A photograph shows three 'smiling' birds next to a 'smiling' sun.	‘Smiling’ Sun with ‘Smiling’ Birds
vclaim-sno-smirnoff-trump-vodka-ad	A photograph shows an advertisement for Smirnoff vodka containing an apparent dig at President Trump.	Did Smirnoff Troll President Trump in a Vodka Advertisement?
vclaim-sno-smith-and-lesson	Fox News mistakenly used a photo of	Fox News Airs Stuart Scott R.I.P. Tribute with Picture of Stephen A. Smith
vclaim-sno-smithfield-foods-china	Smithfield Foods was sold to a Chinese company, and China will be slaughtering and processing hogs raised in the U.S. and shipping them back to America.	Was Smithfield Foods Sold to China?
vclaim-sno-smithsonian-barbie	The Smithsonian sent a rejection letter in response to an amateur paleontologist's submission of a Malibu Barbie head as a prehistoric find.	Smithsonian Barbie
vclaim-sno-smithsonian-giant-skeletons	The Supreme Court ordered the Smithsonian Institution to disclose that it destroyed several giant skeletons in the early 1900s to preserve the mainstream narrative of evolution.	Did the Smithsonian Destroy Thousands of Giant Human Skeletons?
vclaim-sno-smithsonian-mummy-sex-act	"A Smithsonian employee was arrested for ""raping"" a mummy."	Smithsonian Employee Arrested for Mummy Sex Act?
vclaim-sno-smoked-out	A public smoking ban will go into effect in New Brunswick on 1 July 2015.	Smoking in Public Before 8 p.m. to Be Illegal Starting July 1?
vclaim-sno-smokey-screen	The third	Smokey Is the Bandit
vclaim-sno-smoking-bedbugs	Schoolkids are smoking and injecting crushed bedbugs to get high from a hallucinogenic substance they contain.	Smoking Bedbugs to Get High
vclaim-sno-smoking-in-cars-with-children-illegal	A ban on smoking in cars when children are present took effect on 30 January 2018.	Is Smoking in Cars with Children Illegal as of January 30, 2018?
vclaim-sno-smolder-the-little-children	Image captures caged Christian children burned alive by ISIS.	ISIS Is Burning Children?
vclaim-sno-smooth-transition-trump	"On Nov. 10, 2020, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said ""there will be a smooth transition to a second Trump administration."""	Did Mike Pompeo Promise a ‘Smooth Transition to 2nd Trump Administration’?
vclaim-sno-snail-watching-car-race	An animated GIF shows a snail watching a race car drift around a bend in a road.	Is this a GIF of a Snail Watching a Race Car Drift on a Road?
vclaim-sno-snake-defense-2	Photographs show a snake trapped by an electrified fence.	Snake on a Fence
vclaim-sno-snake-in-milk-jug	A photograph shows a snake found in a plastic milk jug.	Is This a Picture of a Snake Found in a Milk Jug?
vclaim-sno-snake-intake	Photographs show a spider devouring a snake caught in its web.	Spider Eats a Snake
vclaim-sno-snake-measure	A pet python acting 'affectionate' is really just measuring its intended victim for consumption.	Will Your Pet Snake ‘Measure’ You Before Eating You?
vclaim-sno-snake-on-the-take	Snakes have been used as hold-up weapons.	Snakes as Weapons
vclaim-sno-snake-pajamas-injury	A photograph shows injuries sustained by a woman after her husband mistook her snake pajamas for an actual snake.	Was a Woman in Snake-Printed Pajamas Injured by Her Startled Husband?
vclaim-sno-snake-swallow-an-ak-47	A photograph shows a snake after it swallowed an AK-47.	Did a Snake Swallow an AK-47?
vclaim-sno-snakehead-fish-survive-on-land	The snakehead fish can survive on land.	Can the Snakehead Fish Survive on Land?
vclaim-sno-snakes-alive-2	Snakes were smuggled inside a woman’s bra.	Snakes in Bra
vclaim-sno-snakes-pool-noodles	An Arizona family preparing for a swim found several rattlesnakes hiding inside two pool noodles stored near their home.	Have Rattlesnakes Been Found Inside Pool Noodles?
vclaim-sno-snap-canard	Food stamps can now be used to purchase alcohol and tobacco products.	President Obama Signs SNAP Fairness Act of 2014 Into Law
vclaim-sno-snap-trapped	Pranksters affixed a license plate stolen from a speed trap camera van to their vehicle and drove through the trap, resulting in the unit’s issuing tickets to itself.	Speed Trap Issues Tickets to Itself
vclaim-sno-snapchat-evidence-photos	Photographs you post on Snapchat can now be used as evidence in legal cases unless you opt out.	Can You Opt Out of Having Snapchat Photos Used as Legal Evidence?
vclaim-sno-snapchat-facial-recognition	"Snapchat is using its ""Lenses"" photo and video filtering technology to create a facial recognition database for use by law enforcement agencies."	Is Snapchat Building a Facial Recognition Database for the Feds?
vclaim-sno-snapchat-shutting-end-2017-prank	Snapchat, a popular messaging service, announced in November 2017 that it is being closed down by the end of the year.	Is Snapchat Shutting Down by the End of 2017?
vclaim-sno-snapple-dragoon	Snapple is affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan (or donates money to the	Snapple Rumors
vclaim-sno-snarlin39-marlin	Photographs show a fishing boat capsized by a black marlin.	Black Marlin Sinks Fishing Boat
vclaim-sno-sniffing-rosemary	Sniffing rosemary increases human memory by up to 75 percent.	Does Sniffing Rosemary Increase Memory by 75 Percent?
vclaim-sno-sniper-tips	E-mail offers sniper-avoidance tips from an experienced “SWAT sniper.”	Sniper Avoidance Tips
vclaim-sno-snit-kat	Hershey’s has blocked imports of Cadbury chocolate manufactured in the UK and other British chocolates.	Hershey's Banned Import of Cadbury Chocolates?
vclaim-sno-snl-writer-suspended-tweet-barron	A Saturday Night Live writer was suspended for tweeting about Trump's youngest child.	Was a Saturday Night Live Writer Suspended Over a Tweet About Barron Trump?
vclaim-sno-snoop-dogg-arrested-conspiracy	"After releasing a music video in which he fires a prank ""Bang!"" flag gun at a clown resembling Donald Trump, rapper Snoop Dogg was arrested for conspiracy by the Secret Service for suggesting that ""someone should do what I did with a real gun."""	Snoop Dogg Arrested for Conspiracy After Talking About ‘Murder Trump’ Video?
vclaim-sno-snoop-dogg-easter-bunny-photo	A photograph shows musician Snoop Dogg in an Easter Bunny costume.	Is This Snoop Dogg in an Easter Bunny Costume?
vclaim-sno-snoop-dogg-inauguration-threat	Rapper Snoop Dogg threatened any black artist who performs at Donald Trump's inauguration.	Did Snoop Dogg ‘Threaten’ Any Black Artist Who Performs at Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-snopes-staff-members-arrested-law-enforcement-raid	The staff of snopes.com were arrested after a law enforcement raid.	Were Snopes Staff Members Arrested in a Law Enforcement Raid?
vclaim-sno-snorting-smarties	Schoolkids are “snorting” and “smoking” Smarties and putting themselves at risk of contracting nasal maggots.	Snorting Smarties
vclaim-sno-snow-burn	Fake, chemical-laden plastic snow has been falling on the U.S.	Has Fake Snow Been Falling on the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-snow-comparison	North Dakotans weathered a severe blizzard in 2005 without requesting assistance from the federal government.	Emergency Weather Bulletin
vclaim-sno-snow-end-to-it	Diary entries recount the efforts of a snow shoveler.	Snow Shoveler Diary
vclaim-sno-snow-globe-invented-accidentally	The first snow globe was created by accident by someone who was attempting to build a brighter lightbulb.	Was the Snow Globe Invented by Accident?
vclaim-sno-snow-los-angeles	In December 2020, snow fell in the Los Angeles County area.	Did It Snow in Los Angeles in December 2020?
vclaim-sno-snow-snake	A photograph shows a deadly 'snow snake' that has reportedly bitten and killed several people in the U.S., causing their blood to freeze.	Is This a ‘Snow Snake’?
vclaim-sno-snow-walls	A photograph shows snow walls lining a highway in Massachusetts.	Are These Towering Snow Walls in Massachusetts?
vclaim-sno-snow-white-grotto-disneyland	Designers for Disneyland's Snow White Grotto used forced perspective to make the Snow White figurine appear to be taller than the seven dwarves.	Disneyland’s Snow White Grotto Employs an Old Trick
vclaim-sno-snowball-in-hell	An abused goat kills its	Killer Goat
vclaim-sno-snowboard-death-hoax	Ralph Macchio was killed in a snowboarding accident in Switzerland.	Snowboard Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-snowboarder-girl-chased-by-bear	A video shows a snowboarder being chased by a bear.	Does This Video Show ‘Snowboarder Girl’ Being Chased by a Bear?
vclaim-sno-snowden-bin-laden-alive	Edward Snowden claimed Osama bin Laden was alive in the Bahamas, funded by the CIA.	Edward Snowden Said Osama bin Laden is Alive
vclaim-sno-snowden-pronounced-dead	"Edward Snowden was ""pronounced dead"" by his girlfriend in Russia in August 2016."	Snowden Pronounced Dead by His Girlfriend in Russia
vclaim-sno-snowfall-in-saudi-arabia-desert	A Feb. 18, 2021, widely shared video authentically shows heavy snowfall in the Arabian Desert.	Does This Video Show Heavy Snowfall in Arabian Desert?
vclaim-sno-snowfall-in-saudi-arabia	A photograph shows snow-covered palm trees in Saudi Arabia.	MISCAPTIONED: Snowfall in Saudi Arabia
vclaim-sno-snowfall-in-the-sahara	On 19 December 2016 an amateur photographer snapped pictures of snow on the ground of the Algerian city of Ain Sefra, which borders the Sahara desert.	Snowfall in the Sahara
vclaim-sno-snowflake-nazi-term-holocaust	"""Snowflake"" was a Nazi term used to describe the remains of those who were incinerated during the Holocaust."	Is ‘Snowflake’ a Nazi Term for the Remains of Cremated Victims?
vclaim-sno-snowless-iditarod	A photograph shows a musher riding over snowless terrain during the 2014 Iditarod in Alaska.	The 2014 Iditarod Featured Snowless Trails?
vclaim-sno-snowrollers	Photographs show a collection of snowrollers formed in Idaho.	Are Snowrollers a Real Phenomenon?
vclaim-sno-snowy-owl-130-years	For the first time in over a century, a snowy owl was spotted in New York’s Central Park on Jan. 27, 2021.	Was a Snowy Owl Spotted in Central Park for the First Time in 130 Years?
vclaim-sno-snub-par	Prince William and Kate Middleton dislike the Obamas and “snubbed” them by not inviting them to their upcoming wedding.	Royal Snub for the Obamas
vclaim-sno-snubterfuge	Man asks celebrity to pretend he knows him to impress the folks he’s dining with; when the celebrity complies, the fellow snubs him.	Snubbed Celebrity
vclaim-sno-snuffy-film	Video shows a seal being grabbed by a shark as it was being re-released into the ocean.	Snuffy the Seal Grabbed by Shark
vclaim-sno-so-help-us-god	A display at the National World War II Memorial excised the words 'So help us God' from a speech by President Roosevelt.	Missing Words from WWII Memorial
vclaim-sno-so-you-think-you-know-donald-trump	A list tallies some of the good deeds accomplished by  Donald Trump.	So You Think You Know the Real Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-soaking-strawberries-in-saltwater	A saltwater solution will force insect pests out of infested strawberries.	Will Soaking Strawberries in Saltwater Expose Fruit-Infesting Insects?
vclaim-sno-soap-dope	Placing a bar of soap between your bedsheets will help prevent leg cramps.	Soap in Bed Combats Leg Cramps?
vclaim-sno-soap-duds	Muslim nurses working in the UK may refuse to wash their hands to preserve their modesty under Islamic law.	Muslim Nurses Don’t Have to Wash Their Hands
vclaim-sno-soccer-chapecoense-fined-forfeiting	Chapecoense, the soccer team which lost 19 players in a plane crash, was fined for forfeiting their final match.	Soccer Team Chapecoense Fined for Forfeiting Final Match
vclaim-sno-soccer-player-adopt-dog	After a dog ran onto a soccer field in Bolivia and interrupted the match, a player adopted him.	Did a Soccer Player Adopt Dog That Interrupted Match?
vclaim-sno-social-distancing-communism	"A sign shows an anti-lockdown protester carrying a sign reading ""Social Distancing = Communism."""	Is This ‘Social Distancing = Communism’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-social-injustice	An economics professor used exam grading to teach his class about the failures of socialism.	Did a Professor Use Grade Averaging to Teach About Socialism?
vclaim-sno-social-insecurity	"President Eisenhower once observed that ""a few Texas oil millionaires"" wanted to ""abolish social security."""	Did Eisenhower Warn About Political Parties Who Wanted to ‘Abolish Social Security?’
vclaim-sno-social-media-hacker-warning	Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts.	Andrea Wilson, Facebook Friend Request Hacker Warning
vclaim-sno-social-media-sites-will-begin-banning-users-post-photos-confederate-flags	Several social media networks have announced they will be banning users who post images of the Confederate flag.	Is Facebook Banning Users Who Post Photos of Confederate Flags?
vclaim-sno-social-security-changes-may-2016	"Changes coming to Social Security on 1 May 2016 ""threaten the financial security"" of millions of Americans."	Social Security Changes to Take Effect 1 May 2016
vclaim-sno-social-security-changes	List details changes made to the Social Security system over the years.	Is This List of Changes to Social Security Over the Years Real?
vclaim-sno-social-security-for-illegal-aliens	"An article listed senators who ""voted to give 'illegal aliens' Social Security benefits."""	Did U.S. Senators Vote to “Give ‘Illegal Aliens’ Social Security Benefits”?
vclaim-sno-social-security-fun-facts	"A short list of ""fun facts"" distributed on the Internet accurately describes the workings of the U.S. Social Security system."	Social Security ‘Fun Facts’
vclaim-sno-social-security-recipients-barred-from-owning-guns	A new Social Security Administration rule would bar Social Security recipients from owning guns.	Social Security Recipients Barred from Owning Guns?
vclaim-sno-social-sharecurity	Lottery winners are sharing their fortunes with social media users.	Are Lottery Winners Sharing Their Fortunes with Social Media Users?
vclaim-sno-social-volunteers-hurricane-dorian	A social media post describes volunteers headed to Florida to help with Hurricane Dorian relief in September 2019.	Does This Social Media Narrative Describe Volunteers Helping with Hurricane Dorian?
vclaim-sno-sock-hop	Yankee shortstop Derek Jeter has canceled his retirement plans to sign with the Boston Red Sox.	Derek Jeter Cancels Retirement, Signs 3-Year Contract with Boston Red Sox
vclaim-sno-socrates-debate-lost-slander-loser	Socrates said 'When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the losers.'	Did Socrates Say Slander Is ‘The Tool of the Losers”?
vclaim-sno-soda-jerk	A banned commercial for Sprite soft drink features a suggestive sex act.	Banned Sprite Ad
vclaim-sno-soda-meme	Macy’s removed SodaStream products from its stores because the products are made in disputed territory in Israel.	Macy’s Drops SodaStream Over Israeli Controversy?
vclaim-sno-sodomite-suppression-act	A pending ballot initiative would make homosexuality a capital crime in California.	Sodomite Suppression Act Proposed in California?
vclaim-sno-softly-falls-the-crane	Photographs show a toppled crane that fell through the first floor of a building under construction.	Crane Falls Through First Floor
vclaim-sno-solar-city-tower	Images show a Solar Tower to be built in Rio de Janeiro in conjunction with the 2016 Olympic Games.	Solar City Tower — Rio's Olympic Solar Tower
vclaim-sno-solar-drain	Scientists have discovered that solar panels drain the sun’s energy.	Solar Panels Drain the Sun’s Energy, Experts Say
vclaim-sno-solar-eclipse-from-space	A photograph captures a solar eclipse as seen from space.	Solar Eclipse from Space
vclaim-sno-solar-panels-drain-light	David “Avocado” Wolfe once posted a meme describing solar power as non-renewable because the light solar panels absorb is lost forever.	Did David ‘Avocado’ Wolfe Post a Meme About Solar Panels Draining Light from the Sun?
vclaim-sno-solar-panels-drain-sun	The user of solar panels drains the sun of energy.	Solar Panels Don’t Drain the Sun of Energy
vclaim-sno-soldier-carrying-donkey	A photograph shows a soldier carrying a donkey on his back during World War II to prevent the animal from inadvertently setting off landmines.	Is This Soldier Carrying a Donkey to Keep It Out of a Minefield?
vclaim-sno-soldier-engineless-jeep	A religious young soldier mocked for his belief in God miraculously started and drove a jeep that had no engine.	The Impossible God of a Young Soldier
vclaim-sno-soldier-return-family-dead	A soldier returning from deployment discovered his wife had died during his absence, and their children had starved to death.	Did a Soldier Return From Deployment to Find Their Family Dead?
vclaim-sno-soldier-rude-mat-retailer	A U.S. Army soldier received a rude response after inquiring with an online retailer about shipments to APO addresses.	Did a Soldier Receive a Rude Response from an Online Mat Retailer?
vclaim-sno-soldiers-crying-about-trump	"A photograph shows three U.S. soldiers in Syria ""crying and visibly shaken saying they could stop this in 10 minutes but Trump won’t let them."""	Are These US Soldiers in Syria Crying and Complaining About Trump?
vclaim-sno-soldiers-remains-dumped-landfill	The remains of more than 250 soldiers were dumped in a landfill between 2004 and 2008, a fact that was ignored by the mainstream media.	Were the Remains of U.S. Soldiers Dumped in a Landfill?
vclaim-sno-sole-food	College student who restricts himself to only one foodstuff contracts scurvy.	College Scurvy
vclaim-sno-sole-loyalty	A text reproduces Theodore Roosevelt's words regarding the assimilation of immigrants into American culture.	Theodore Roosevelt on Immigration
vclaim-sno-solitaire	A prisoner killed himself using a deck of playing cards.	Death by Playing Cards
vclaim-sno-solo-cup-markings	The lines on red Solo cups are markings to designate serving sizes of various kinds of alcohol.	Why Do Red Solo Cups Have ‘Measuring Lines’?
vclaim-sno-somali-muslims-tennessee-town	"Somali Muslim refugees ""took over"" the small town of Shelbyville, Tennessee and targeted local Christians with ""violent Islamic crimes""."	Did Somali Muslims Take Over a Small Tennessee Town?
vclaim-sno-somali-pirate-luxury-cruise	A Russian company is offering luxury yacht cruises along the Somali coast which provide passengers with the opportunity to shoot pirates.	Can You Shoot at Pirates on a Luxury Cruise Along the Somali Coast?
vclaim-sno-somali-teens-hammers	A group of Somali teenagers used hammers to physically attack and injure several passersby at a train station in Minneapolis in May 2019.	Did a ‘Mob of Somali Teens’ Attack Minneapolis Commuters with Hammers in Racially Motivated Assault?
vclaim-sno-some-rules-kids-wont-learn-in-school	Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates authored a list of 'Rules Kids Won't Learn in School.'	Some Rules Kids Won’t Learn in School
vclaim-sno-something-eggstra	Instant cake mixes sold poorly until one food company decided to require the addition of a fresh egg to their product.	Requiring an Egg Made Instant Cake Mixes Sell?
vclaim-sno-something-for-stevie	Stevie, a young man with Down syndrome, received a generous donation from truckers who frequented the restaurant where he worked.	The Folded Napkin — A Trucker’s Story
vclaim-sno-somewhere-over-rainbow-holocaust	"The song ""Over the Rainbow"" was written about the Jewish experience during the Holocaust."	Is the Song ‘Over the Rainbow’ About the Holocaust?
vclaim-sno-son-of-a-woodcutter	An account documents Bill Gates explaining to a waiter why he left a much smaller tip than his son did.	Son of a Woodcutter
vclaim-sno-song-of-the-south	"The film ""Song of the South"" has never been released on home video in the USA."	Has ‘Song of the South’ Never Been Released on Home Video in the US?
vclaim-sno-sonia-disowns-rahul-hoax	"Cell phone users should not accept a video entitled ""Sonia Disowns Rahul"" because it contains a malicious virus."	‘Sonia Disowns Rahul’ Virus Hoax
vclaim-sno-sonia-sotomayor-speech-donald-trump	"Sotomayor said that ""ethnicity and sex"" of a judge may and will make a difference in judging."	Sotomayor Speech From 2001 Recirculates After Trump Comments on Judge’s Mexican Heritage
vclaim-sno-sonia-sotomayor	Judge Sonia Sotomayor said that “the time has come to end white male oppression by castrating every white male.”	Sonia Sotomayor
vclaim-sno-sonic-hedgehog-transgender	The video game character Sonic the Hedgehog will be transgender in a new 2019 movie.	Will the Animated Character of Sonic the Hedgehog Be Transgender in a New Film?
vclaim-sno-sonic-new-redesign	"An image shows a redesign of the character ""Sonic"" for an upcoming movie."	Is This the ‘Sonic’ Character’s New Redesign?
vclaim-sno-sonic-red-tray-route-44-promotion	Sonic Drive-In outlets are selling a $2 red tray keychain entitling the bearer to steep discounts on Route 44 beverages.	Sonic Drive-In Red Tray Keychain Promotion
vclaim-sno-sonny-tufts	A celebrity guesting on a radio program once announced with bewildered amazement that the following week’s featured star would be Sonny Tufts.	Sonny Tufts?
vclaim-sno-sons-of-anarchy-movie	Kurt Sutter is making a	Kurt Sutter Announces Plans for Sons of Anarchy Movie Starring Charlie Hunnam, Brad Pitt
vclaim-sno-sons-top-democrats-ukraine-clinton	The sons of several top Democrats worked for Ukraine-linked energy companies, as part of a conspiracy involving the Clinton Foundation.	Did Sons of Top Democrats Do Business in Ukraine As Part of Clinton-Linked Conspiracy?
vclaim-sno-sony-ericsson-laptop-giveaway	Consumers can receive free laptop computers from Ericsson (or Dell) for forwarding an	Sony Ericsson Laptop Giveaway
vclaim-sno-sony	The Japanese corporation known as Sony based its name on an acronym formed from ‘Standard Oil of New York.’	SONY Name Origin
vclaim-sno-sophia-stewart-matrix-lawsuit	Sophia Stewart won a large judgment in a copyright infringement suit over authorship of the film The Matrix.	Did a Woman Win a Billion-Dollar ‘Matrix’ Lawsuit Over Copyright Infringement?
vclaim-sno-soros-arrested-philadelphia	George Soros was arrested in Philadelphia on charges related to election interference.	No, George Soros Wasn’t Arrested in Philadelphia for Election Interference
vclaim-sno-soros-candidates-pay-back	George Soros is demanding that Democrats repay him for donations made to campaigns that were ultimately unsuccessful in 2018.	Did George Soros Demand That Failed Democratic Candidates ‘Pay Him Back’?
vclaim-sno-soros-caravan-refugees	A video shows a group of people in Honduras being paid by George Soros to join a migrant caravan and storm the United States border.	Did George Soros Pay Refugees in Honduras to Join a Caravan and Storm the US Border?
vclaim-sno-soros-clinton-trump-accuser	The New York Times stated, as fact, that Hillary Clinton and George Soros had been responsible for paying a woman to make false allegations of sexual assault against Donald Trump.	Did NYT Report Clinton and Soros ‘Paid Woman to Accuse Trump of Sexual Assault’?
vclaim-sno-soros-harris-vice-president	Alexander Soros said he made the ultimate decision to pick U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., as 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden's running mate.	Did Soros Decide That Harris Should be Biden’s Vice President?
vclaim-sno-soros-michigan-el-sayed-brotherhood	"Billionaire philanthropist George Soros is ""grooming"" Abdul El-Sayed, who is ""sympathetic"" to the Muslim Brotherhood, to be president of the United States."	Is George Soros ‘Grooming’ a Pro-Muslim Brotherhood Gubernatorial Candidate in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-soros-paid-march-for-our-lives-protesters	"Organizers working for billionaire George Soros ran Craigslist ads offering $300 each to individuals participating in the 24 March 2018 ""March for Our Lives"" protests."	Did George Soros Pay ‘March for Our Lives’ Protesters $300 Each?
vclaim-sno-soros-refugee-debit-cards	George Soros is funding the distribution of prepaid MasterCard debit cards to refugees through the U.N.	Is George Soros Funding U.N.-Distributed Debit Cards to Refugees?
vclaim-sno-soros-shutdown-bribe	Hungarian-American billionaire George Soros bribed three Democratic senators to vote for a shutdown of the U.S. federal government.	Did George Soros Pay Three Democrats Millions to Vote for Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-soros-wuhan-lab	"Financier George Soros owns the lab in Wuhan, China, where the COVID-19 coronavirus disease was ""developed."""	Does George Soros Own a Lab That ‘Developed’ COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-soul-voice-of-reason	Thomas Jefferson warned about the dangers of governmental interference in medical care.	Thomas Jefferson on Medicine
vclaim-sno-sound-beating	Voicemail message describes a confrontation between a male motorist and four women after a minor traffic accident.	Voicemail Records Confrontration After Traffic Accident
vclaim-sno-sounding-the-alarm	If you think your house is being burglarized, you should use your car alarm to summon help.	Foiling Burglars with Car Alarms
vclaim-sno-sounds-of-a-sunflower	A video on Facebook demonstrates a woman recording “sounds” made by a sunflower plant.	Does This Video Show a Woman Recording the “Sounds of a Sunflower”?
vclaim-sno-soup-cellar	Photograph shows Michelle Obama serving a government funded soup kitchen meal to a person with an expensive cell phone.	Michelle Obama at Soup Kitchen
vclaim-sno-sour-honey-cure-cancer	There is a proven natural cure for cancer called sour honey, but pharmaceutical companies and politicians are trying to keep it under wraps for financial gain.	“Sour Honey’ is a Cure for Cancer?
vclaim-sno-sour-note	A child who drank sour candy spray experienced throat spasms.	Is Spray Candy Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-soursop-guyabano-graviola-tree-ultimate-cure-cancer	The fruit of the graviola tree (soursop or guyabano), or other components of the plant (A. muricata), are a viable cure for cancer.	Soursop, Guyabano, and the Graviola Tree — the Ultimate “Cure” for Cancer?
vclaim-sno-south-africa-hiv-tattoo	A new law in South Africa requires people with HIV to mark their genitals.	South Africa’s ‘HIV Genital Tattoo’ Law
vclaim-sno-southeast-african-monkey	A photograph shows a Southeast African monkey from Madagascar.	Is This a Photograph of a Southeast African Monkey?
vclaim-sno-southern-baptist-convention-buys-chick-fil	The Southern Baptist Convention purchased fast food chain Chick fil-A.	Did the Southern Baptist Convention Buy Chick fil-A?
vclaim-sno-southern-baptist-convention-funeral-costs-sutherland-springs	The Southern Baptist Convention has offered to pay for the funeral costs of any victim of the Sutherland Springs, Texas mass shooting.	Is The Southern Baptist Convention Covering Funeral Costs for Sutherland Springs Victims?
vclaim-sno-southern-illinois-university-social-justice-warriors	"Southern Illinois University is closing down its Carbondale campus thanks to ""social justice warrior"" activity."	Southern Illinois University at Carbondale Closing Down Thanks to ‘Social Justice Warriors’?
vclaim-sno-southwest-airlines-las-vegas-ticket-giveaway-scam	Southwest Airlines is giving away four tickets to Las Vegas and $5,000 spending money to Facebook users who share and like a page.	Southwest Airlines Las Vegas Ticket Giveaway Scam
vclaim-sno-southwest-airlines-slogan	Southwest Airlines changed their slogan to capitalize on the public relations misfortunes of competitor United Airlines.	Did Southwest Airlines Change Their Slogan After United Airlines Controversy?
vclaim-sno-space-cadet	A first-year cadet criticized the U.S. Air Force Chief of Staff's personnel decisions.	Did a Cadet Criticize the Air Force Chief of Staff?
vclaim-sno-space-force-uniforms-concepts	A graphic shows concepts for dress uniforms officially under consideration by the U.S. Space Force.	Are These US Space Force Uniform Concepts Real?
vclaim-sno-space-shuttle-tilt-shift-photo	A photograph taken from the International Space Station shows a Space Shuttle leaving Earth.	Is This the Space Shuttle Leaving Earth’s Atmosphere?
vclaim-sno-spacesuit-envy	"NASA had to relabel the size chart used for a condom-like urination contraption built into the Maximum Absorbency Garment space suit system because astronauts refused to choose the ""small"" size."	Spacesuit Envy
vclaim-sno-spacex-sending-deadly-pathogen	SpaceX will be transporting a potentially deadly pathogen to the International Space Station as part of their next launch.	Is SpaceX Sending a Deadly Pathogen to the International Space Station?
vclaim-sno-spam-oreos	Nabisco is issuing Spam-flavored Oreos.	Spam Oreos? Another Fake Flavor Goes Viral
vclaim-sno-spanish-cafe-video	A video shows a group of refugees looting a café in Spain.	Does This Video Show Refugees Looting a Café in Spain?
vclaim-sno-spanish-dancer-jellyfish	A photograph shows a 'Spanish Dancer Jellyfish.'	Spanish Dancer Jellyfish
vclaim-sno-spanish-woman-fatal-elevator-accident	"A woman in Sevilla, Spain, was ""cut in half"" in a fatal elevator accident in a hospital that occurred shortly after she gave birth."	Spanish Woman Cut in Half in Fatal Elevator Accident?
vclaim-sno-spank-account	Pat Robertson said disobedient wives should be spanked by their husbands.	Pat Robertson: Disobedient Wives ‘Must Be Spanked’
vclaim-sno-speed-of-light	Photograph shows a traffic speed measurement unit embedded in a guardrail.	Speed Trap
vclaim-sno-speed-of-sound	Episodes of some syndicated TV series are sped up to fit more commercials into their time slots.	Speed of Sound
vclaim-sno-speeding-ticket-frenzy	Police in some U.S. state are about to launch a 30-day speeding ticket frenzy.	Operation Yellow Jacket — Speeding Ticket Frenzy
vclaim-sno-sperm-switch-invention-market	A new male contraception product allows a man to control the flow of sperm by flicking a switch.	‘Sperm Switch’ Invention Not Ready For Market
vclaim-sno-sperm-whale-die-swallowing-64-pounds-plastic-debris	A photograph shows a dead sperm whale that washed ashore after swallowing 64 pounds of plastic debris and other trash.	Did a Sperm Whale Die After Swallowing 64 Pounds of Plastic Debris?
vclaim-sno-spicer-spelling-covfefe	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said President Trump had authority to add words like ""covfefe"" to the language."	Did Sean Spicer Claim Trump Has the Authority to Change Spellings Like ‘Covfefe’?
vclaim-sno-spicer-trump-ready-wwiii	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that the United States was ""absolutely ready for World War III"" under President Donald Trump's strong leadership."	Did Sean Spicer Say ‘We’re Absolutely Ready for WWIII’ Under Trump?
vclaim-sno-spicer-weapons-germans	"In a botched attempt to clarify his previous statements about Adolf Hitler and chemical weapons, Trump press secretary Sean Spicer said he meant Hitler never used them on ""fellow Germans."""	Did Sean Spicer Say Hitler Didn’t Use Chemical Weapons on ‘Fellow Germans’?
vclaim-sno-spicy-peppers-breast-cancer	Capsaicin, the spice-causing molecule in chili peppers, can help beat breast cancer.	Can a Chemical in Spicy Peppers Help Cure Breast Cancer?
vclaim-sno-spider-bursts-out-of-overripe-banana	A video captures a large spider that survived inside a banana until it burst out of the peel by its own power.	Spider Bursts Out of Overripe Banana?
vclaim-sno-spider-hiders	Brown recluse spider eggs used to fill Beanie Babies in the 1990s are finally hatching.	Are the Spider Eggs Used to Fill Beanie Babies Hatching?
vclaim-sno-spider-in-tampon	Doctors concluded that a large spider made its way into a woman's uterus after it got stuck inside her tampon.	Did a Spider in a Tampon Result in a Disturbing Medical Emergency?
vclaim-sno-spider-man-burn	Child received a third-degree burn from a faulty Spider-Man watch.	Spider-Man Leaves Third-Degree Burns on Child
vclaim-sno-spiderman-google-earth-japan	"A TikTok user spotted a ""real"" Spider-Man on a rooftop using Google Earth."	Did a TikToker Find Spider-Man in Japan?
vclaim-sno-spielberg-universal	Famed director Steven Spielberg got his start by sneaking into Universal Studios and commandeering an unoccupied office.	Did Steven Spielberg Get His Start by Sneaking Into an Empty Universal Studios Office?
vclaim-sno-spilled-reed-diffuser-harms-cat	Photograph shows a cat burned by the spillage of a cinnamon reed diffuser.	Spilled Reed Diffuser Harms Cat?
vclaim-sno-spins-of-the-father	Image depicting Mike Brown’s mother and her boyfriend (not his father) provides a truthful description of the teen’s home life.	The 'Real' Mike Brown Family
vclaim-sno-spiral-cloud-formation-himalayas	A photograph shows a spiral cloud formation encircling a tower.	Image of ‘Spiral Sky’ is a Digital Creation
vclaim-sno-spiral-clouds-sunset	A photograph shows a large spiral cloud forming over water at sunset.	Does This Photograph Show a Large Spiral Cloud Forming at Sunset?
vclaim-sno-spiral-sliced-blam	Substituting Diet Coke for regular Coca-Cola in a popular ham recipe can cause an explosion.	Ham in Diet Coke Explodes?
vclaim-sno-spirit-airlines-hamster	A Spirit Airlines employee advised a young woman to flushing her emotional support hamster down the toilet in order to board a flight.	Did Spirit Airlines Tell a Customer to Flush Her Hamster Down the Toilet?
vclaim-sno-spirit-airlines-military	"A Spirit Airlines employee was rude to a soldier, charged him for a carry-on bag, and told his father that the airline ""doesn't cater to the military."""	Military Dis Account
vclaim-sno-spirit-halloween-2020-stores	Spirit Halloween announced in August 2020 that it would not open its seasonal stores this year.	Did Spirit Halloween Say It Would Not Open Stores in 2020?
vclaim-sno-spirited-effort	Photograph of a Texas restaurant reveals the presence of a ghostly little girl.	Restaurant Ghost
vclaim-sno-splc-left-wing-smear-group	"The Southern Poverty Law Center is a ""left-wing smear group"" that incites hatred and violence against conservatives."	Is SPLC a ‘Left-Wing Smear Group’ That Encourages Violent Attacks?
vclaim-sno-splenda-testing	The artificial sweetener Splenda was inadequately tested and is unsafe for human consumption.	Is Splenda Inadequately Tested and Unsafe?
vclaim-sno-spoils-of-whore	A cheating wife’s attempt explain away the mink coat given to her by a lover goes awry.	Fur Coat Exchanged
vclaim-sno-spokeo	Your personal information may be viewable through the Spokeo web site.	Spokeo
vclaim-sno-spongebob-epstein-island-address	The address used for the home of the SpongeBob SquarePants character corresponds to a location on sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's privately owned island.	Is SpongeBob’s Home Address on Epstein’s ‘Pedo Island’?
vclaim-sno-spongebob-squarepants-canceled	The animated TV show 'SpongeBob SquarePants' has been canceled.	Has SpongeBob SquarePants Been Cancelled?
vclaim-sno-spongebob-squarepants-cancelled	The animated TV show 'SpongeBob SquarePants' has been canceled.	Has SpongeBob SquarePants Been Cancelled?
vclaim-sno-spooked-clinton-campaign-manager-deleted-tweets	Hillary Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook deleted most of his tweets due to an FBI investigation.	‘Spooked’ Clinton Campaign Manager Deleted Tweets
vclaim-sno-spoonful-of-sugar-polio-vaccine	"The song “A Spoonful of Sugar,” written for the Disney movie “Mary Poppins,"" was inspired by the experience of one of the songwriters' children receiving an oral polio vaccine with a sugar cube."	Did the Polio Vaccine Inspire ‘A Spoonful of Sugar’?
vclaim-sno-spot-the-devil	Attorney General John Ashcroft believes calico cats are a sign of the devil.	John Ashcroft and Calico Cats
vclaim-sno-spot-two-way-mirror	Looking for a gap between an object and its reflection is a way to distinguish two-way mirrors from ordinary mirrors.	How to Spot a Two-Way Mirror
vclaim-sno-spotted-malabar-civet-coronavirus	A critically endangered Malabar civet was seen for the first time since the 1990s during a COVID-19 lockdown in India.	Was a Rare Malabar Civet Spotted During COVID-19 Lockdown?
vclaim-sno-spousal-success-story	First Lady ripostes that her	If I Had Married Him
vclaim-sno-spray-for-pain	A can of wasp spray is a preferable alternative to pepper spray for protection against assailants.	Should You Use Wasp Spray for Self-Defense?
vclaim-sno-springsteen-trump-grasp-american	"Bruce Springsteen said U.S. President Donald Trump ""doesn’t have a grasp of the deep meaning of what it means to be an American.”"	Did Bruce Springsteen Say Trump ‘Doesn’t Have a Grasp’ on What It Means To Be American?
vclaim-sno-sprinkocalypse	The Obama administration is moving to ban donut sprinkles.	Obama Enacting Donut Sprinkles Ban?
vclaim-sno-spurious-charge-2	You can quickly recharge your cell phone by microwaving it.	Can You Recharge Your Cell Phone in a Microwave Oven?
vclaim-sno-spurious-charge	The Obama administration has “filed federal charges against George Zimmerman.”	Obama Files Federal Charges Against George Zimmerman
vclaim-sno-spy-cameras-in-hotel-room-hooks	Spy cameras are commonly hidden in hotel room hooks.	Spy Cameras in Hotel Room Coat Hooks?
vclaim-sno-spyder-web	Parts from James Dean’s crashed Porsche Spyder were	James Dean Death Car
vclaim-sno-square-watermelon	Photographs show watermelons that have been grown in such a way as to force them into square shapes.	Are These Square Watermelons Real?
vclaim-sno-squashed-bug	An elephant sits on and squashes a little red car, and the drivers have a hard time getting the police to believe their story.	Elephant Sits on Car
vclaim-sno-squashed-spider-babies	A video shows dozens of spiderlings dispersed from their mother after she was squashed with a broom.	Does This Video Show Baby Spiders Dispersing from Their Recently Squashed Mother?
vclaim-sno-squeez-bacon-liquid	Squeez Bacon —  fully cooked 100% bacon paste in a tube — is a real product.	Is ‘Squeez Bacon’ a Real Product?
vclaim-sno-squirrel-trouble	Frozen squirrels have been used for criminal purposes.	Criminal Uses of Frozen Squirrels
vclaim-sno-squishies-toys-denmark	"Foam ""Squishies"" toys have been determined to contain toxic materials and were recalled as a result."	Have ‘Squishies’ Toys Been Recalled in Denmark for Being Toxic?
vclaim-sno-ss-warrimoo	The SS Warrimoo was once navigated to a point such that it simultaneously spanned four different hemispheres and two centuries.	Did the SS Warrimoo Exist in Two Centuries at Once?
vclaim-sno-st-bernard	St. Bernard dogs are being raised for food in China.	St. Bernard Petition
vclaim-sno-st-judes-cancer-free	Two dozen children went home from St. Jude's hospital cancer-free in a single week.	Did 24 Children Go Home Cancer-Free from St. Jude’s Hospital in One Week?
vclaim-sno-stacey-abrams-back-taxes	2018 Georgia gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams owes more than $50,000 in back taxes to the Internal Revenue Service.	Does Stacey Abrams Owe More Than $50,000 in Back Taxes?
vclaim-sno-stacey-abrams-burned-georgia-flag	Democratic gubernatorial candidate Stacey Abrams burned the Georgia state flag during a protest in 1992.	Did Gubernatorial Candidate Stacey Abrams Once Burn the Georgia State Flag?
vclaim-sno-stacey-abrams-gardner-judge-sister	In December 2020, U.S. District Court Judge Leslie Abrams Gardner ruled on a case to which her sister, Stacey Abrams, was a party.	Did Stacey Abrams’ Sister Oversee a Court Case Involving Abrams?
vclaim-sno-stacey-dash-donald-trump-outreach	"Stacey Dash was hired by Donald Trump for his ""Negro Outreach Program."""	Donald Trump Hires ‘Clueless’ Star for Outreach Program
vclaim-sno-staff-injection	First Lady Michelle Obama has an unprecedented number of staffers working for her.	First Lady Michelle Obama Requires More Than Twenty Attendants
vclaim-sno-stairs-abandoned-button-factory	A photograph shows a stairwell deeply covered with buttons at an abandoned button factory.	Was This Photograph of an ‘Explosion’ of Buttons Taken at an Abandoned Button Factory?
vclaim-sno-stairway-from-heaven	The spiral stairway at Santa Fe's Loretto Chapel miraculously stands despite having no discernable means of support.	Mysterious Staircase at Loretto Chapel
vclaim-sno-stairway-heaven-fireworks-display	"A video shows a ""Stairway to Heaven"" fireworks display."	‘Stairway to Heaven’ Fireworks Display
vclaim-sno-stalin-chicken-feathers	"Soviet leader Josef Stalin ripped the feathers off a live chicken to demonstrate ""how easy it is to govern stupid people."""	Did Stalin Pluck a Live Chicken as a Lesson to His Followers?
vclaim-sno-stalin-for-dime	The letters ‘JS’ can be found on the U.S. dime and represent the initials of Josef Stalin.	Josef Stalin on the U.S. Dime
vclaim-sno-stalin-vote-count-quote	"Joseph Stalin said some version of ""It's not the people who vote that count, it's the people who count the votes."""	Did Joseph Stalin Say, ‘It’s Not the People Who Vote That Count …’?
vclaim-sno-stalk-talk	Asparagus has miraculous cancer-fighting properties.	Asparagus vs. Cancer
vclaim-sno-stalk-tip	A woman who performs a kindness for a stranger is rewarded by his telling her to avoid a certain place on a certain day.	Warning From Terrorist
vclaim-sno-stalking-feat	Photograph shows an elk hunter being stalked by a mountain lion.	Hunter Stalked by Mountain Lion
vclaim-sno-stallone-obama-living-lie	Actor Sylvester Stallone said Barack Obama is a  ‘closet homosexual living a lie.'	Did Sylvester Stallone Say Obama Is a ‘Closet Homosexual Living a Lie’?
vclaim-sno-stallone-sold-his-dog	Sylvester Stallone sold his dog for $25 to make ends meet before hitting it big with Rocky, then bought it back for $15,000.	Did a Struggling Sylvester Stallone Sell His Dog for $25?
vclaim-sno-stamping-grounds-2	President Obama has directed the issuance of a Christmas postage stamp commemorating two Islamic holidays.	Did Obama Order Islamic ‘Forever’ Postage Stamps?
vclaim-sno-stamping-grounds	Video shows rapper Lil Wayne stepping on a U.S. flag while shooting a music video.	Lil Wayne Tramples U.S. Flag
vclaim-sno-stamping-out	The federal Food Stamp program (SNAP) will be discontinued in March 2015.	Will the Food Stamp Program End in March 2015?
vclaim-sno-stan-lee-condemn-bigotry	"In his monthly column for Marvel Comics, Stan Lee wrote that ""racism and bigotry are among the deadliest social ills plaguing the world today."""	Did Stan Lee Condemn Bigotry and Racism in a Marvel Comics Column?
vclaim-sno-stan-lee-fire-jennifer-lawrence	Stan Lee fired Jennifer Lawrence from an upcoming film due to his belief she disrespected President Trump.	Did Stan Lee Fire Jennifer Lawrence for Comments About Trump?
vclaim-sno-stand-pledge-of-allegiance-congress	A photograph shows members of the U.S. government sitting during the recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance.	Is This a Picture of Congressmembers Sitting During the Pledge of Allegiance?
vclaim-sno-standing-guardrail	Photographs show an SUV impaled by a guardrail.	SUV Impaled on Guardrail
vclaim-sno-standing-their-ground	Musical acts have declined to perform in Florida over the state’s “stand your ground” law.	Music Artists Boycotting Florida?
vclaim-sno-stanford-founding	Mr. and Mrs. Leland Stanford decided to found their own university after being rebuffed by Harvard's president.	The Founding of Stanford University
vclaim-sno-stanford-study-proves-election-fraud-through-exit-poll-discrepancies	A 2016 Stanford study revealed widespread primary election fraud in multiple states favoring Hillary Clinton.	Stanford Study Proves Election Fraud through Exit Poll Discrepancies
vclaim-sno-stanley-ann-dunham	Barack Obama’s mother was born a man.	Barack Obama’s Mother Was Born a Man?
vclaim-sno-stanley-cup	Hockey's Stanley Cup was once left in a snowbank.	The Misadventures of the Stanley Cup
vclaim-sno-stanley-kubrick-letter	Director Stanley Kubrick wrote a profanity-laced letter to MGM executive James T. Aubrey warning him not to make a sequel to '2001: A Space Odyssey.'	Stanley Kubrick’s ‘Don’t F*** with Me’ Letter
vclaim-sno-staph-infections-face-masks	Photographs depict persons who developed staph infections from wearing masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19.	Do These Photos Show Staph Infections Caused by Face Masks?
vclaim-sno-star-david-migrant-caravan	A Star of David on a vehicle traveling with the migrant caravan proves George Soros is behind it.	Does a Star of David on a Vehicle Traveling with the Migrant Caravan Prove Soros Is Behind It?
vclaim-sno-star-quality	Soles of Vans shoes are adorned with the Star of David so that wearers will “stomp on Jews.”	Jewish Stars on Vans Shoes?
vclaim-sno-star-search-2	Mitt Romney assisted in the search for his business partner’s missing daughter.	Romney Business Partner Daughter Search
vclaim-sno-star-trek-scotty-ashes-space	"The ashes of actor James Doohan, who played chief engineer Montgomery Scott on the hit ""Star Trek"" television series, were smuggled aboard the International Space Station by private astronaut Richard Garriott."	Were Ashes of ‘Star Trek’ Star Smuggled onto Space Station?
vclaim-sno-star-wars-anti-trump-scene	"""Star Wars: Rogue One"" was re-shot to add an anti-Trump scene."	Did a ‘Star Wars’ Film Include an Anti-Trump Scene?
vclaim-sno-star-wars-filming-soon-in-your-town-usa	"""Star Wars"" movies will be filmed in several small, off-the-beaten-path towns across America."	‘Star Wars’ Filming Soon in Your Town, USA
vclaim-sno-star-wars-youtube-ads	"""Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker"" is rereleasing in movie theaters on Dec. 20, 2020."	Yes, YouTube Ads Mistakenly Reappeared for ‘The Rise of Skywalker’
vclaim-sno-star-witnesses-vs-biden-dead	Two witnesses with dirt on U.S. 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden were found floating in a river in Ukraine.	Were Two Star Witnesses Against Biden Found Floating in Ukraine River?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-911-water-charge	A New York City Starbucks outlet charged 9/11 rescue workers $130 for three cases of water.	Did Starbucks Charge 9/11 Rescue Workers $130 for Water?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-christmas-cups-satanism	"Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz admitted that he was using the chain's ""holiday cup"" design to lure customers to Satanism."	Starbucks CEO Admits Plot to Lure Customers Into Satanism
vclaim-sno-starbucks-christmas-holiday-blend	"Starbucks has offered a lineup of ""Christmas Blend"" coffees since 1984."	Has Starbucks Sold a ‘Christmas Blend’ Since 1984?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-coupon-for-black-customers-only	"Starbucks offered coupons exclusively to customers of ""African-American heritage."""	Is Starbucks Offering Coupons for Black Customers Only?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-coupon-scam	Starbucks is giving away $100 coupons for use in its cafes during the coronavirus pandemic.	Is Starbucks Offering $100 Coupons During the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-defund-police	"Starbucks has supported or promoted the campaign known by shorthand as ""defund the police."""	Did Starbucks Support Calls To ‘Defund the Police’?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-dreamer-day	Starbucks is giving a discount to undocumented immigrants on 11 August 2017.	Starbucks Dreamer Day
vclaim-sno-starbucks-drink-stop-metabolism	Drinking a 20-ounce Caramel Macchiato from Starbucks “stops” your metabolism.	Does This Starbucks Drink ‘Stop’ Your Metabolism?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-drive-thru-secrets	While preparing food and beverages, multiple Starbucks employees wear headsets and listen to customers making drive-thru orders.	Do Multiple Starbucks Employees Listen in on Drive-Thru Orders?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-exec-dislikes-whites	Starbucks executive Rosalind Brewer admitted she doesn’t like white people in a 2015 interview with CNN.	Did Starbucks’ Exec Rosalind Brewer Say She Dislikes White People?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-fire-merry-christmas	"A Starbucks manager threatened to fire employees who wished customers a ""Merry Christmas."""	Did a Starbucks Manager Threaten to Fire Employees Who Say ‘Merry Christmas’?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-giveaway-blm	"In June 2020, Starbucks was offering free Frappuccino drinks to anyone who shouted ""Black Lives Matter"" inside their cafes."	Is Starbucks Giving Away Free Frappuccinos to Anyone Who Yells ‘Black Lives Matter’ in Cafes?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-head-of-the-line	"Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson announced a new policy under which ""Patrons of color will be allowed to move to the head of the line at all of our locations."""	Did Starbucks Announce ‘Patrons of Color’ Can Go to the Head of the Line?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-in-israel	Various rumors about Starbucks and the Middle East:	Starbucks in Israel
vclaim-sno-starbucks-plastic-straws	Starbucks is replacing single-use plastic straws with paper straws wrapped in single-use plastic packaging.	Is Starbucks Replacing Plastic Straws with Paper Straws Wrapped in Plastic?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-police-pig	"A Starbucks barista in Glenpool, Oklahoma, added the word ""pig"" to a police officer's order label in November 2019."	Did a Starbucks Employee Add the Word ‘Pig’ to a Police Officer’s Order?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-red-christmas-cups	"The coffee chain Starbucks removed all mentions of Christmas from their red holiday cups because ""they hate Jesus."""	The War on Christmas Cups
vclaim-sno-starbucks-roasting-facility-china	Starbucks is opening a coffee bean roasting facility in China.	Is Starbucks Opening a Roasting Facility in China?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-same-sex-marriage	Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz was confronted by a shareholder over the company’s support for same-sex marriage.	Starbucks and Same-Sex Marriage
vclaim-sno-starbucks-shatter-proof-windows	"Starbucks is giving away free coffee for a year to anyone who can damage their new ""shatter-proof"" windows."	Is Starbucks Installing ‘Shatter-Proof Windows’?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-trump-photo-floor	A photograph shows a Starbucks with an welcome mat featuring a picture of President Trump on its floor.	Did Starbucks Place Trump’s Photo on the Floor So Every Customer Has to Step on It?
vclaim-sno-starbucks-welcomerefugees-promotion	"Starbucks offered free drink upgrades to customers who provided the name ""Aloha Snackbar"" to their baristas."	Starbucks #WelcomeRefugees Promotion
vclaim-sno-starbucks-white-men-root-of-all-evil	"Starbucks COO Rosalind Brewer once expressed the viewpoint that ""white men are the root of all evil."""	Did a Starbucks Executive Say That ‘White Men Are the Root of All Evil’?
vclaim-sno-stars-on-homes-swingers	"Five-pointed stars decorating the exteriors of houses mean the inhabitants are ""swingers."""	Do Stars on the Sides of Homes Indicate the Residents are ‘Swingers’?
vclaim-sno-starvation-diet	Image shows newspaper account of a kitten who nearly died from being fed a vegan diet.	Kitten Nearly Dies from Vegan Diet
vclaim-sno-starving-dog-art	A Costa Rican artist starved a dog to death as part of a gallery exhibit.	Guillermo Vargas: Dog Starved for Art Exhibit
vclaim-sno-starving-polar-bear-viral	A video shows a sick, possibly starving polar bear on Baffin Island in the Canadian Arctic.	Does a Viral Video Show a Polar Bear Starving to Death?
vclaim-sno-starving-venezuela-garbage	A meme image shows starving citizens in Venezuela eating garbage.	Does a Meme Show Starving Citizens in Venezuela Eating Garbage?
vclaim-sno-state-cuts-off-water-to-dakota-access-pipeline-protesters	The state cut off water access to Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.	State Cuts Off Water to  Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters?
vclaim-sno-state-iq	A chart shows the relationship of voting patterns and intelligence quotients by state.	State I.Q. Voting Patterns
vclaim-sno-state-of-the-union	Alabama utility crew workers were turned away from helping repair storm-ravaged areas of	Non-Union Help in New Jersey Rejected
vclaim-sno-statement-epsteins-death	The Clintons released a statement about financier Jeffrey Epstein's death an hour before the body was found.	Did the Clintons Release a Statement About Epstein’s Death an Hour Before His Body Was Found?
vclaim-sno-states-agreed-to-implement-a-two-pet-maximum-ordinance	Three states implemented a two pet maximum ordinance, forcing residents to choose which pets they must surrender.	States Agreed to Implement a ‘Two Pet Maximum’ Ordinance
vclaim-sno-states-fine-prison-covid-vaccine	Individual U.S. states would be legally authorized to impose criminal penalties on individuals who refused to undergo a mandatory COVID-19 vaccination.	Could People Be Jailed, Fined for Refusing COVID-19 Vaccine in US?
vclaim-sno-statesville-flag-camping-world	In May 2019, the city of Statesville, N.C., filed for a court injunction to force Camping World to remove an American flag from their local branch.	Did Statesville, NC, Try to Stop Camping World from Flying the U.S. Flag?
vclaim-sno-static-electricity-pump-fires	Static electricity is the cause of an increase in gas station refueling fires.	Static Electricity and Gas Pump Fires
vclaim-sno-stating-the-oblivious	A statement reproduces Hillary Clinton's response when asked to identify her major accomplishments as Secretary of State.	Hillary Clinton Describes Her Major Accomplishments as Secretary of State
vclaim-sno-statue-cue	Statues on college campuses come to life when a virgin walks by.	College Virgin Lore
vclaim-sno-statue-liberty-different-color	The Statue of Liberty was made with copper and changed color via oxidation after it was constructed.	Was the Statue of Liberty Originally a Different Color?
vclaim-sno-statue-of-liberty-made-from-aleppo-rubble	"A Syrian artist created a ""Statue of Liberty"" made from the rubble collected in war-torn Aleppo."	Statue of Liberty Made from Aleppo Rubble
vclaim-sno-statue-of-liberty-origins	The Statue of Liberty was erected as a tribute to the accomplishments of black soldiers in the Civil War, and a black woman served as the model for Lady Liberty.	Statue of Liberty Origins
vclaim-sno-statue-of-limitations-2	A clown statue that spooked a babysitter turns out to be a knife-wielding intruder hiding in the house.	Home Intruder Poses as Clown Statue
vclaim-sno-statue-of-limitations-3	A North Carolina town was forced to remove a statue of a praying soldier and other Christian symbols from a public memorial.	Statue of Limitations
vclaim-sno-statutory-snake	Photograph shows a king brown snake in Australia.	King Brown Snake
vclaim-sno-std-day	A new form of STD has been discovered among residents of the city of Portland, Oregon.	Portland Oregon Host to Deadly New Strain of Sexually Transmitted Disease
vclaim-sno-std-superbug-deadlier-than-aids	Health officials warned that a new STD superbug could be deadlier than AIDS.	Is a New STD Superbug Deadlier Than AIDS?
vclaim-sno-steal-belted	Prankster who thinks he’s fooling a speed trap camera instead gets tickets for not wearing his seatbelt.	Seatbelt Snap Trap
vclaim-sno-steel-barrel-graves-bill-hillary-clinton-estate-crime-scene	12 barrels containing human remains were found buried on the property of Bill and Hillary Clinton in June 2017.	Were ‘Steel Barrel Graves’ Uncovered on the Clinton Estate?
vclaim-sno-steel-wool-ignite-iphone-call	A video shows an incoming call on an iPhone igniting a ring of fine steel wool placed around the cell.	Will Fine Steel Wool Ignite From an Incoming iPhone Call?
vclaim-sno-steelers-fined-1m-each	The NFL has fined Pittsburgh Steelers players $1 million each for staying in their locker room during the national anthem.	NFL Fines Pittsburgh Steelers $1M Each for Skipping National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-steelers-villanueva-police-brutality-protest	"Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomlin ""ripped"" one of his players, Alejandro Villanueva, for standing near the sidelines during the playing of the national anthem before an NFL game."	Did Steelers Coach Mike Tomlin ‘Rip’ Alejandro Villanueva For Not Protesting During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-steelers-wheeled	The Pittsburgh Steelers will be forced to surrender half their Super Bowl titles to less fortunate teams.	Steelers Super Bowl Redistribution
vclaim-sno-steep-risk	“Sun tea” (tea brewed by being left to steep in sunlight) can harbor dangerous bacteria.	Bacteria in Sun Tea Risk
vclaim-sno-stefanik-middle-finger-impeachment	A photograph captures Rep. Elise Stefanik flipping off the camera at the conclusion of a House impeachment inquiry.	Is This a Picture of Elise Stefanik Flipping the Bird at an Impeachment Inquiry?
vclaim-sno-stem-cells-from-baby-teeth	Stem cells can be harvested from baby teeth, so it's a good idea to preserve them in private stem cell banks for future use in medical treatments.	Should You Save Baby Teeth for Stem Cells?
vclaim-sno-step-brothers-2-hoax	Plans to make a sequel to the movie 'Step Brothers' were announced in March 2016.	‘Step Brothers 2’ Rumors Are False
vclaim-sno-step-dad-pulls-funding-daughters-wedding	A step-dad refused to pay for his daughter's wedding at the last minute because she allowed her biological father back into her life.	Step-Dad Pulls Out of Funding Daughter’s Wedding at Last Minute
vclaim-sno-steph-curry-birthname-wardell	NBA star Steph Curry's birthname is Wardell Stephen Curry II.	Is Steph Curry’s Birth Name Wardell Curry?
vclaim-sno-steph-curry-nike-bible	Nike didn't sign Steph Curry because the NBA star insisted on putting a Bible verse on his sneakers.	Steph Curry Was Supposedly Spurned by Nike Over Bible Verses
vclaim-sno-steph-curry-suspended-nba-finals	Steph Curry was suspended from game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals.	Steph Curry Suspended from NBA Finals
vclaim-sno-stephanie-alsbrook	17-month-old Stephanie Alsbrook is missing.	Missing Child: Stephanie Alsbrook
vclaim-sno-stephanie-cegielski-letter-trump	Stephanie Cegielski, Donald Trump's top strategist, wrote an open letter to the Republican candidate's supporters.	Stephanie Cegielski Was Not Donald Trump’s ‘Top Strategist’
vclaim-sno-stephanie-courtney-death-hoax	Stephanie Courtney, the actress who plays the character of Flo in commercials for Progressive Insurance, is dead.	Is ‘Flo’ from Progressive Insurance Dead?
vclaim-sno-stephanie-grisham-dui	Stephanie Grisham got DUIs in 2013 and 2015.	Did White House Press Secretary Stephanie Grisham Get Two DUIs, in 2013 and 2015?
vclaim-sno-stephanopoulos-trump-height	A photograph shows the height disparity between political reporter George Stephanopoulos and U.S. President Donald Trump.	What’s Stephanopoulos’ Height Compared to President Trump’s?
vclaim-sno-stephen-bannon-nobody-can-blame-you	"Trump strategist Stephen Bannon defended spousal abuse with the statement, ""Nobody can blame you for beating your wife if it's out of love."""	Stephen Bannon: ‘Nobody Can Blame You for Beating Your Wife If It’s Out of Love’?
vclaim-sno-stephen-colbert-fired	Stephen Colbert was fired by CBS after President Trump called and ordered his termination.	Was Stephen Colbert Fired After One Phone Call from President Trump?
vclaim-sno-stephen-hawking-pope-francis	Before his death, physicist Stephen Hawking declared his Christian faith after a visit with Pope Francis.	Did Stephen Hawking Become a Christian After a Blessing from Pope Francis?
vclaim-sno-stephen-hawking-vietnam-war-protest	A photograph shows Stephen Hawking at a Vietnam War protest in 1968.	Stephen Hawking at a Vietnam War Protest?
vclaim-sno-stephen-miller-descendant-asylum-seekers-fled-anti-semitic-violence	Stephen Miller — a principal architect of the Trump administration’s immigration policy — is the descendant of asylum seekers who escaped anti-Jewish persecution in Eastern Europe.	Is Stephen Miller a Descendant of Asylum Seekers Who Fled Anti-Semitic Violence?
vclaim-sno-stephen-miller-white-power-hand-sign	"A photograph shows White House advisor Stephen Miller using a hand gesture that means ""white power."""	Did Stephen Miller Throw a White Power Sign?
vclaim-sno-stephen-moore-child-labor	"Conservative commentator Stephen Moore once said: ""I'd get rid of a lot of these child labor laws, I want people starting to work at 11, 12."""	Did Conservative Commentator Stephen Moore Advocate Child Labor Beginning at Age 11?
vclaim-sno-stephen-wiltshire	An autistic artist drew a rendering of the	Stephen Wiltshire
vclaim-sno-stepping-rusty-nail-cause-tetanus	Rust causes tetanus.	Does Stepping on a Rusty Nail Cause Tetanus?
vclaim-sno-stethoscope	The stethoscope was invented thanks to a doctor’s modesty.	Stethoscope Invention
vclaim-sno-steubenville-hacker-sentence	"The hacker who ""helped expose"" the infamous Steubenville High School rape in Ohio faced more prison time than the rapists themselves."	Did Hacker Who ‘Helped Expose’ Steubenville Rape Face More Prison Time than Rapists?
vclaim-sno-steve-bannon-bloody-lip	A photograph shows Steve Bannon with a bloody lip.	Is This Steve Bannon with a Bloody Lip?
vclaim-sno-steve-bannon-need-senate-confirmation-hearing-sit-nsc	President Trump needs Senate confirmation in order for Steve Bannon to sit on the National Security Council.	Does Steve Bannon Need a Senate Confirmation Hearing to Sit on the NSC?
vclaim-sno-steve-bannon-predicts-obama	Former White House strategist Steve Bannon predicted that multiple members of U.S. President Obama's administration, and possibly Obama himself, would be in federal prison by the end of President Donald Trump's first term.	Did Steve Bannon Predict Obama Officials Would End Up in Jail?
vclaim-sno-steve-bartman-wins-3-7-million	Infamous Chicago Cubs fan Steve Bartman won $3.7 million after betting that the team would be in the 2016 World Series.	Cubs Fan Steve Bartman Wins $3.7 Million from 9-Year-Old Bet on Cubs
vclaim-sno-steve-burns-overdose	Steve Burns of TV's 'Blue's Clues' died of a heroin overdose.	Steve Burns Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-steve-buscemi-fdny	Actor Steve Buscemi was once a firefighter and assisted the FDNY after the 9/11 attacks.	Steve Buscemi: 9/11 Hero
vclaim-sno-steve-buscemi-hellraiser	"A photograph shows actor Steve Buscemi at the premiere of ""Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth"" in 1992."	Is This Steve Buscemi at ‘Hellraiser III’ Premiere?
vclaim-sno-steve-harvey-donald-trump	"The comedian and broadcaster Steve Harvey once praised Donald Trump as a flawed but effective president hired to ""get rid of"" the Democratic and Republican parties, as well as undocumented immigrants."	Did Comedian Steve Harvey Praise President Trump as a Politically Incorrect ‘Fixer’?
vclaim-sno-steve-irwin-tupac-friendship	A photograph shows rapper Tupac with wildlife expert Steve Irwin.	Was the ‘Crocodile Hunter’ Really Friends with Tupac Shakur?
vclaim-sno-steve-jobs-deathbed-speech	"Apple co-founder Steve Jobs left behind a deathbed essay about how the ""non-stop pursuit of wealth will only turn a person into a twisted being, just like me."""	Steve Jobs Deathbed Speech
vclaim-sno-steve-king-whistleblower-tweet	U.S. Rep. Steve King falsely identified the Ukraine whistleblower.	Did US Rep. Steve King Falsely Identify the Ukraine Whistleblower?
vclaim-sno-steve-scalise-convention	House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was a guest speaker at a 2002 white supremacist organization's event.	Did Steve Scalise Attend a White Supremacist Convention?
vclaim-sno-steven-avery-unresponsive	'Making a Murderer' subject Steven Avery was found unresponsive in his prison cell.	FALSE: Steven Avery, 53, Found Unresponsive in His Prison Cell
vclaim-sno-steven-furtick-signs-six-year-110-million-contract-lakewood-church	"Elevation Church Pastor Steven Furtick confirmed he signed a large ""deal"" to preach at Lakewood Church alongside Joel Osteen."	Steven Furtick Signs Six Year, $110 Million Contract with Lakewood Church?
vclaim-sno-steven-hildreth-traffic-stop	Steven Hildreth Jr. was stopped by police officers for a broken headlight, but was let go with a verbal warning.	Steven Hildreth Jr.’s Traffic Stop
vclaim-sno-steven-seagal-death-hoax	Steven Seagal died of a heart attack at age 63 in August 2015.	FALSE: Steven Seagal Dead at 63
vclaim-sno-stevie-ray-vaughan-statue	A photograph shows graffiti on a Stevie Ray Vaughan statue in Texas in 2020.	Was a Stevie Ray Vaughan Statue Vandalized in Texas?
vclaim-sno-stevie-wonder-death-hoax	Musician Stevie Wonder was killed in a car crash in December 2016	Stevie Wonder Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-stevie-wonder-ghana	Music legend Stevie Wonder said he's moving to Ghana.	Did Stevie Wonder Say He’s Moving to Ghana?
vclaim-sno-stick-my-neck-out	Clint Eastwood wrote the essay that begins “People message me why I stick my neck out for Trump. Why do I tarnish my reputation with a man that’s hated by so many?”	Did Clint Eastwood Write “Why-I-Stick-My-Neck-Out-For-Trump” Viral Post?
vclaim-sno-stick-stiffed	After a young man slips his date an aphrodisiac and leaves her alone in the car, he returns to find that she has impaled herself on the stick shift handle in a sexual frenzy.	Stick Stiffed
vclaim-sno-sticker-crock	A retired Marine was forced to remove USMC decals from his car or be fined, while neighbors were allowed to keep their Obama stickers without incident.	Retired Marine Forced to Remove ‘USMC Decals,’ Neighbors Keep Obama Stickers
vclaim-sno-sticker-shock-2	Photograph shows a car bearing a bumper sticker with the Obama campaign logo and the slogan “Don’t Re-Nig in 2012.”	Don’t Re-Nig in 2012
vclaim-sno-sticker-shock	FEMA is marking mailboxes with colored dots to indicate the disposition of residents in the New World Order.	FEMA Marking Mailboxes with Colored Stickers
vclaim-sno-stickers-pipe-bomber-van-changed	Photographs and video of pipe-bombing suspect Cesar Sayoc's van taken during and after its confiscation by the FBI reveal that some of the political stickers on its windows mysteriously changed in the process.	Did the Stickers on the Pipe-Bombing Suspect’s Van Inexplicably Change After His Arrest?
vclaim-sno-sticking-with-it	Post-it Notes were invented from a glue no one could find a use for.	Post-It Note Origin
vclaim-sno-stinging-criticism	Turtle who agrees to carry a scorpion across a river learns a fatal lesson about innate nature.	Scorpion and Turtle Folktale
vclaim-sno-stirring-response	McDonald's did away with their spoon-shaped coffee stirrers because people were using them as cocaine spoons.	Did Cocaine Users Cause McDonald’s to Replace Their Coffee Spoons?
vclaim-sno-stocking-stuffer	A blow-up doll left as a Christmas gift causes hilarity.	Blow Up Doll Christmas Gift
vclaim-sno-stocking-the-true-origin	Nylon was named for a conflation of ‘New York’ and ‘London.’	Nylon
vclaim-sno-stockpile-website-change-kushner	Text on a government website for the Strategic National Stockpile was altered after Jared Kushner's remarks during an April 2020 press conference.	Was National Stockpile Website Edited After Jared Kushner’s Comments?
vclaim-sno-stomp-out-atheists	A letter to the editors of a local newspaper urges atheists to get out of America.	‘Stomp Out Atheists in America’ Letter
vclaim-sno-stone-age-tunnels	Stone Age tunnels have been found that stretch thousands of miles all the way from Scotland to Turkey.	Massive Stone Age Tunnel Stretches from Scotland to Turkey
vclaim-sno-stone-mountain-implosion-event	The City of Atlanta has invited residents to watch the implosion of Stone Mountain on 5 August 2018.	Is a Stone Mountain Implosion Event Being Planned by the City of Atlanta?
vclaim-sno-stop-killing-alligators-gatorade	"A photograph shows a protest sign reading ""stop killing aligators to make Gatoraid"" [sic]."	Is a ‘Stop Killing Alligators to Make Gatorade’ Protest Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-stop-the-count-chant	"U.S. President Trump's supporters can be heard chanting ""stop the count"" in one video and ""count the vote"" in another."	Did Trump Supporters Chant ‘Count That Vote’ and ‘Stop the Count?’
vclaim-sno-stop-the-steal-gay-communists	A pro-Trump Facebook group called Stop The Steal was renamed Gay Communists for Socialism.	Was a ‘Stop The Steal’ Facebook Group Renamed ‘Gay Communists for Socialism’?
vclaim-sno-stop-the-world-josh-duggar-wants-off	Several memes from 'Stop the World, the Teabaggers Want Off' present real quotes from conservative politicians who supposedly defended Josh Duggar after the reality star admitted to molesting underage girls.	Are Conservatives Coming Out in Support of Josh Duggar?
vclaim-sno-stop-trying-to-make-fleek-happen	A frustrated	Chick-fil-A Manager Bans Teen Slang?
vclaim-sno-store-closings	E-mail lists large retail chains that plan to close some or all of their stores by the end of 2008.	Store Closings
vclaim-sno-store-honors-islamic-martyr	A store in a Houston shopping closed on September 11 to honor one of the 9/11 hijackers.	Did a Houston Store Close on September 11 to Honor a 9/11 Hijacker?
vclaim-sno-stores-locking-tide-pods-people-wont-eat	Major retailers have begun keeping Tide brand laundry detergent PODS under lock and key to prevent people from eating them.	Are Stores Locking Up Tide PODS So People Won’t Eat Them?
vclaim-sno-storm-clouds	Photographs show Hurricane Katrina hitting the Gulf Coast in August 2005.	Storm Clouds
vclaim-sno-storm-over-sydney	A photograph shows a large storm over Sydney, Australia.	Is this a Photograph of a Large Storm Over Sydney?
vclaim-sno-storm-surge	Photograph shows a storm surge created by Hurricane Katrina.	Storm Surge
vclaim-sno-storm-warning	An Oklahoma teacher was fired for praying when a tornado hit her school.	Teacher Fired for Praying in School During Oklahoma Tornado
vclaim-sno-stormy-daniels-note-admission	"Stormy Daniels wrote a ""suicide note"" admitting she lied about having an affair with Donald Trump before she committed suicide."	Did Stormy Daniels Die and Leave a ‘Suicide Note’ with a Stunning Admission?
vclaim-sno-stormy-daniels-say-president-trump-ate-pizza-tiny-pizza-toppings	Stormy Daniels said in an interview that Donald Trump ordered little pizzas as toppings on a regular-sized pizza.	Did Trump Order Pizza with ‘Tiny Pizzas’ on Top During Tryst with Stormy Daniels?
vclaim-sno-story-land-closing	New Hampshire amusement park Story Land announced in June 2018 that it is closing.	Is Story Land Closing?
vclaim-sno-stowing-through-the-chapel	President Obama ordered a VA chapel in Michigan to hide Christian symbols behind a curtain.	Obama Orders VA Chapels to Cover Christian Symbols
vclaim-sno-straight-ticket	"Voters need to be cautious when using ""straight ticket"" voting in the upcoming presidential election."	Are There Problems with Voting Straight Ticket?
vclaim-sno-strait-robbery	Bob and Nancy Strait, an eldery Tulsa, Oklahoma, couple, were beaten and robbed in their home by Tyrone Woodfork.	Did Tyrone Woodfork Beat an Elderly Oklahoma Couple?
vclaim-sno-strange-fruit	Photograph shows a group of black dolls hung from a tree in a Baltimore neighborhood in order to intimidate protesters.	Black Dolls Hung from Trees in a White Baltimore Neighborhood
vclaim-sno-strange-signals-are-probably-extraterrestrial	Two scientists who analyzed 2.5 million stars have concluded that the signals coming from a small fraction of them are “probably” caused by aliens.	Scientists Say Strange Signals Are ‘Probably’ Coming from Extraterrestrial Intelligence?
vclaim-sno-stranger-contact	Exhortation to refuse an invitation from a named stranger to converse online warns of an attempt to implant a computer virus.	‘Don’t Add’ Warning
vclaim-sno-stranger-danger-2	Home invasion criminals have gained entry to houses by pretending to be distressed persons in need of shelter from attackers.	Don’t Open the Door to Strangers
vclaim-sno-stranger-danger	Predators, pedophiles, and child trafficking rings are using Facebook to source new victims by friending trusting parents and mining images posted of their children.	Facebook Pedophile Warning
vclaim-sno-stranger-in-paradise	The town of Paradise, California, was named after the	Place Name Origins: Paradise, California
vclaim-sno-stranger-things-stephen-king-netflix	The second season of 'Stranger Things' will be written by Stephen King.	‘Stranger Things’ Season Two to be Written by Stephen King?
vclaim-sno-straw-bedded	Cockroach eggs in drinking straws pose a general danger to restaurant patrons.	Cockroach Eggs in Drinking Straws
vclaim-sno-strawberry-fielded	Strawberries are so named because they are bedded in straw.	Etymology of Strawberry
vclaim-sno-strawberry-quick-methamphetamine-warning	"Drug dealers are selling colored and flavored crystal methamphetamine known as ""Strawberry Quick"" to children."	Are Drug Dealers Selling Strawberry Meth to Kids?
vclaim-sno-strawberry-squid	Marine scientists have captured a specimen of a deep-sea “strawberry squid.”	Is This Deep-Sea Strawberry Squid Real?
vclaim-sno-strawman-poll	Voters in Colorado can print ballots at home and turn them over to “vote collectors.”	Can Colorado Voters Can Print Ballots at Home?
vclaim-sno-stray-cat-strut	Rep. Paul Ryan said: “The poor are like stray cats. If we continue to feed them we will never get rid of them.”	Paul Ryan on Helping the Poor
vclaim-sno-strep-throat-face-nasal-cavity	A form of strep infection is capable of affecting the nasal cavity and face.	Does a Form of Strep Throat Infect the Face and Nasal Cavity?
vclaim-sno-stress-awareness-day	Nov. 4, 2020, the day after U.S. Election Day, also happened to be National Stress Awareness Day.	Was the Day After 2020 Election Also National Stress Awareness Day?
vclaim-sno-stress-cards	Military recruits in basic training are issued “stress cards,” which when waved at demanding drill sergeants immediately entitle those recruits to gentler treatment.	Military Stress Cards
vclaim-sno-stress-image-measure	The amount of movement you see within a static image is indicative of your current stress level.	Will Looking at This Image Reveal How Stressed You Are?
vclaim-sno-strike-out	Truckers are poised to strike over rising fuel prices.	Truckers’ Strike
vclaim-sno-striped-icebergs	Photographs show icebergs with multi-colored striping taken in Lake Michigan.	Striped Icebergs in Lake Michigan?
vclaim-sno-striped-mittenfish	The striped mittenfish can change its sex by turning its entire body inside out.	Striped Mittenfish
vclaim-sno-stripped-marlin	George Soros is buying up and shutting down firearms manufacturers, including Marlin Firearms, through an outfit called the Freedom Group.	Did George Soros Buy Up Marlin Firearms?
vclaim-sno-strongest-dad-in-the-world	Message describes the Hoyts, a father and disabled son who participate as a team in marathons.	Team Hoyt
vclaim-sno-strongest-dog-in-the-world	"A photograph shows the ""strongest dog in the world,"" who works ""in the Russian army special forces."""	Is This the ‘Strongest Dog in the World’?
vclaim-sno-strung-beads	Joe Biden said, “The next person that tells me I’m not religious, I’m going to shove my rosary beads up their ass.”	Joe Biden’s Rosary Beads Quote
vclaim-sno-stuck-on-you-3	Photograph shows large military transport plane stuck atop a freeway overpass.	Airplane Stuck on I-564 Overpass
vclaim-sno-student-bloopers	Unintentional humor from the writings of students.	Student Bloopers
vclaim-sno-student-coma-drinking-challenge	A college student wound up in a coma after ingesting two gallons of semen as part of a social media challenge.	College Student In Coma After Drinking Challenge
vclaim-sno-student-debt-cap-protest-photo	A photograph shows a group of Texas college students protesting the rising cost of education by writing their debts on their graduation caps.	Photograph Doesn’t Show Texas Students Protesting College Debt
vclaim-sno-student-donate-college-fund-bernie	"A Berkeley student pledged his entire college-savings fund to Bernie Sanders' 2020 presidential campaign ""because education will be free when he’s elected."""	Did Student Donate College Savings to Bernie 2020 Campaign Because ‘Education Will Be Free When He’s Elected’?
vclaim-sno-student-loan-arrest	U.S. Marshals are arresting people who have not paid their student loans.	Man Arrested for Not Paying Student Loans?
vclaim-sno-student-loan-forgiveness-scam	"A phone number posted on a ""consumer watchdog"" site belongs to a college loan servicer."	‘Student Loan Forgiveness’ Scam
vclaim-sno-student-suspended-pretending-transgender-locker-room	A high school student pretended to be transgender so that he could take showers in the girls' locker room during gym class.	Was a Student Suspended for Pretending to be Transgender to Use the Girls’ Locker Room?
vclaim-sno-student-suspended-staying-in-class	An Ohio high school student was suspended for not participating in a walkout protest over gun violence.	Was a Student Suspended for Staying in Class During National Walkout Day?
vclaim-sno-students-praise-allah-common-core	A photograph shows a group of American students being forced to pray to Allah at a mosque as part of their Common Core curriculum.	Were U.S. Students Forced to Praise Allah?
vclaim-sno-studies-tattooed-parents	Studies show that tattooed parents are more likely to abuse, neglect, and starve their children.	Do Studies Show That Tattooed Parents Are More Likely to Neglect Their Children?
vclaim-sno-study-find-mens-beards-filled-poop	A study discovered men's beards are alarmingly riddled with fecal microbes.	Did a Study Find Men’s Beards Are Full of Fecal Matter?
vclaim-sno-study-refugees-brought-in-revenues	"A leaked federal study showing that refugees to America brought in $63 billion more in government revenues than they cost in the last 10 years was ""banned"" by the Trump administration."	Did a Banned Federal Study Show That Refugees Bring in More in Government Revenues Than They Cost?
vclaim-sno-study-suggests-humans-can-literally-feed-off-each-others-energy	A groundbreaking study showing that algae can draw an alternative source of energy from other plants suggests that humans might be able to draw energy from each other in a similar way.	Did a Study Confirm Humans Can Literally Feed Off Each Other’s Energy?
vclaim-sno-stuffed-camel-recipe	International cookbook recipes for preparing whole stuffed camel are genuine.	Is This Stuffed Camel Recipe Real?
vclaim-sno-stuffed-owlets	Photographs show two cute owlets sitting in a tree.	Two Cute Owlets
vclaim-sno-stun-of-a-gun	Man who uses a Taser stun gun on himself describes the experience.	Man Uses Taser on Himself
vclaim-sno-stuntman-death-in-ben-hur	A stuntman was killed during the filming of the chariot race scene in the 1959 version of 'Ben-Hur' and that his death was left in the final cut.	Did a Stuntman Die in ‘Ben-Hur’?
vclaim-sno-sturgis-motorcycle-rally-covid	The Sturgis motorcycle rally in 2020 resulted in 250,000 COVID-19 coronavirus cases.	Was Sturgis Motorcycle Rally Responsible for 250K Coronavirus Cases?
vclaim-sno-subaru-f-u-c-k-s-a-real-model	Subaru released a new car model with the acronym F.U.C.K.S.	Is the Subaru ‘F.U.C.K.S.’ Model a Real Car?
vclaim-sno-subliminal-advertising	An early experiment in subliminal advertising at a movie theater substantially increased sales of popcorn and Coke.	Popcorn Subliminal Advertising
vclaim-sno-subservient-chicken	Fast food chain Burger King is behind a ‘subservient chicken’ Internet promotion.	Burger King Subservient Chicken
vclaim-sno-subway-free-cash-cards	The Subway chain of sandwich shops is offering free gift cards to those who participate in a market research program.	Subway Free Cash Cards
vclaim-sno-subway-guacamole-peas	Subway restaurants have announced that they are now adding peas to their guacamole.	Did Subway Announce They’re Adding Peas to Their Guacamole?
vclaim-sno-subway-pizza-hut-closing	Restaurant chains Pizza Hut and Subway are closing down in 2020.	Are Subway and Pizza Hut Closing Down in 2020?
vclaim-sno-subway-pork-products	The Subway sandwich chain has stopped serving ham and bacon due to pressure from Muslims.	Did Subway Remove Pork Products from Their Menu?
vclaim-sno-subway-shooting	A 71-year-old former Marine broke up an armed robbery at a Subway sandwich shop in Florida.	John Lovell – Subway Shooting
vclaim-sno-subway-tuna-actual-fish	"Subway’s tuna is not actually tuna or even fish, but a ""mixture of various concoctions."""	Does Subway’s Tuna Contain No Actual Tuna or Fish?
vclaim-sno-sucker-punch	Video clip shows a middle-aged woman punching another woman in the mouth.	Does This Video Show a Woman Punching Another in the Mouth?
vclaim-sno-suckered	Drug-laced suckers are being handed out to children in Arkansas.	Are Drug-Laced Suckers Being Handed Out to Children?
vclaim-sno-sudafed-trump-tower	A photograph of U.S. President Donald Trump in his Trump Tower office in 2016 with several boxes of Sudafed in the background provides credible evidence of stimulant abuse.	Did Sudafed in Trump’s Trump Tower Office Indicate Stimulant Abuse?
vclaim-sno-sue-chef	Paula Deen has been hired to host a cooking show for Fox News.	Fox News Hires Paula Deen for New Cooking Show
vclaim-sno-sugar-free-sugar	"A photograph shows a bag of sugar bearing a ""sugar free"" label."	Is This ‘Sugar-Free Sugar’ Bag Real?
vclaim-sno-sugar-gas-tank	Putting sugar in the gas tank will irreparably ruin a vehicle's engine.	Sugar in the Gas Tank
vclaim-sno-sugar-shackled	Assailant disables woman’s car by putting sugar water in her gas tank, causing the vehicle to die in an isolated location.	Sugar in Gas Tank Ruse
vclaim-sno-suge-knight-dead	In April 2018, Suge Knight was stabbed to death in prison.	Suge Knight Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-suicide-diary	Real diary entries of a rejected teen who subsequently had tragedy strike her family show the lead-up to suicide.	Are These Entries from a Suicidal Teenager’s Diary?
vclaim-sno-suicide-packed	A girl killed herself after her father posted something awful on her Facebook wall.	Girl Kills Herself Facebook Scam
vclaim-sno-suicide-sign	Billboard sponsored by the Funeral Directors Association urges viewers to commit suicide.	Suicide Sign
vclaim-sno-suitcase-dead-birds-seized	A traveler from Beijing was caught at Dulles International Airport with a suitcase full of dead birds that the person tried to disguise as pet food.	Was a Suitcase Full of Dead Birds from China Seized at Dulles Airport?
vclaim-sno-sulfur-coronavirus-cremations	Satellite data show a large release of sulfur dioxide gas from the outskirts of Wuhan, China, and could be viewed as evidence of the mass cremation of new coronavirus victims.	Do Sulfur Emissions from Wuhan, China, Point to Mass Cremation of Coronavirus Victims?
vclaim-sno-sumatran-tsunami-2	Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.	1/2 Second Before Tsunami Photograph
vclaim-sno-sumatran-tsunami	“Photograph shows a tsunami 1/2 second before it struck the island of Sumatra.	1/2 Before Tsunami Photograph
vclaim-sno-summer-zervos-paid-500000	Summer Zervos was paid $500,000 to fabricate her sexual harassment claim against Donald Trump.	Was Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 by Gloria Allred to Accuse Trump?
vclaim-sno-sumner-brooks-beating	In 1856 U.S. House Rep. Preston Brooks brutally attacked Sen. Charles Sumner with a cane in the U.S. Senate chamber.	Did a U.S. Congressman Brutally Beat a Senator in the 19th Century?
vclaim-sno-sun-full-moon	A photographer used sixteen cameras and waited 62 days to capture an image of the full moon above a sunset.	Is This Picture of the Sun and Full Moon Between Two Trees Real?
vclaim-sno-sun-lockdown	"By spring 2020, the sun had entered a ""lockdown"" period where its solar activity decreased to the point that famine, earthquakes, and freezing weather threatened life on Earth."	Is the Sun On ‘Lockdown,’ Threatening Life on Earth?
vclaim-sno-sun-shower-rain	Rain that falls during a sun shower brings good luck.	What Does a Sun Shower Symbolize?
vclaim-sno-sunglasses-rain	Wearing sunglasses while driving in the rain will improve vision.	Does Wearing Sunglasses While Driving in the Rain Improve Vision?
vclaim-sno-sunlight-cross-eclipse	A photograph shows rays of lights in the shape of a cross during the August 2017 eclipse.	Did Sunlight Form a Cross During the Eclipse?
vclaim-sno-sunny-oaks-elementary-forces-kids-to-cross-dress-for-lgbt-week	Students of Sunny Oaks Elementary School in California were forced to cross dress for LGBT week.	Sunny Oaks Elementary Forces Kids to Cross Dress for LGBT Week
vclaim-sno-sunscreen-chemicals-harmful	Sunscreen contains certain chemicals that have been linked to adverse human health effects, including neurological issues and seizures.	Does Sunscreen Contain Harmful Chemicals?
vclaim-sno-sunscreen-eyes-eclipse	During the August 2017 solar eclipse, some people in California applied sunscreen to their eyeballs in a mistaken attempt to protect their eyes from damage.	Did People Put Sunscreen on Their Eyes During the Solar Eclipse?
vclaim-sno-sunscreen-test	A recent study disproved a link between sun exposure and skin cancer.	Is the Link Between Sun Exposure and Skin Cancer a Myth?
vclaim-sno-super-antenna-octa-air-legitimate-replacement-cable	"A new ""super"" antenna called Octa Air is a legitimate replacement for cable that can provide customers with 100s of free HDTV channels."	Is ‘Super’ Antenna Octa Air a Legitimate Replacement for Cable?
vclaim-sno-super-blue-blood-moon	A rare confluence of celestial events will bring what NASA terms a “super blue blood moon” to the skies on 31 January 2018.	Will There Be A ‘Super Blue Blood Moon’ This Week?
vclaim-sno-super-bowl-flushing-breaks-sewage-systems	Sewage systems of major cities have broken due to the tremendous number of toilets being flushed simultaneously at halftime of the Super Bowl.	Do Super Bowl Toilet Flushes Break Sewage Systems?
vclaim-sno-super-bowl-prostitution-increase	As the Super Bowl draws near, legions of prostitutes flock to the city where the big game is being held.	Do Prostitutes Flock to the City The Super Bowl is Held Every Year?
vclaim-sno-super-bowl-streaker-bet	"The 2021 Super Bowl ""streaker"" won $374,000 after placing a $50,000 prop bet that someone would streak during the game."	Did a Super Bowl ‘Streaker’ Win $374K on Prop Bet?
vclaim-sno-super-lice	"A new strain of treatment-resistant ""super lice"" is spreading to dozens of states."	Are New ‘Super’ Lice Spreading Across the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-super-moon	Photograph shows a “super moon” over California’s Sequoia National Park.	Super Moon
vclaim-sno-super-soldier	The Chinese government has conducted human testing on its soldiers with hopes of genetically enhancing them.	Is China Genetically Engineering ‘Super Soldiers’?
vclaim-sno-super-straight-nazis-4chan	The viral “Super Straight” trend originated on 4chan among members of the far-right Nazi movement.	Did the ‘Super Straight’ Trend Originate With Nazis on 4chan?
vclaim-sno-superhero-unconscious-bed	Man dressed as superhero knocks himself unconscious after tying his wife to the bed.	Batman with a Twist
vclaim-sno-superman-1950-poster-diversity	A 1950's Superman poster shows the comic book hero talking to children about respecting diversity.	Did Superman Advocate Respecting Diversity in the 1950s?
vclaim-sno-superman-is-coming-in-supergirl-poster	"A poster reading ""Superman is coming in Supergirl"" was an official promotion by the CW network."	‘Superman Is Coming in Supergirl’ Poster
vclaim-sno-supermoon-tidal-waves-earthquakes	Scientists say that largest the supermoon since 1948, occurring on 14 November 2016, will trigger tidal waves and catastrophic earthquakes, wreaking havoc across the planet.	Rare Supermoon Is Going to Unleash Tidal Waves and Massive Earthquakes
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-bible-oath	"In January 2019, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that oaths taken on anything other than a Christian Bible were ""illegal."""	Did the U.S. Supreme Court Rule That Oaths Not Taken on the Bible Are ‘Illegal’?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-confirms-20-year-prison-sentence-for-ex-vp-dick-cheney	The Supreme Court has upheld former Vice President Dick Cheney's sentence of 20 years in prison on charges related to war crimes.	Supreme Court Confirms 20-Year Prison Sentence for Ex-VP Dick Cheney?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-erupt-shouting-match	Chief Justice John Roberts screamed at the other U.S. Supreme Court justices to dismiss a Texas voter fraud case in December 2020.	Did Supreme Court Erupt in a Shouting Match Over Texas Voter Fraud Case?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-extend-trumps-term	The U.S. Supreme Court can extend President Trump’s term by up to three years if he’s acquitted in an impeachment trial by the Senate.	Can Supreme Court Extend Trump’s Term by 3 Years If He’s Acquitted in Senate?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-flip-flop	Images reproduce contradictory statements from U.S. senators Mitch McConnell and Harry Reid about the President's prerogative in appointing Supreme Court justices.	Supreme Court Flip-Flops
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-islam-schools	"The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that "" the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it."""	First Full Supreme Court Ruling in Over a Year Has Obama Furious?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-justices-stand	"All eight Supreme Court justices penned a ""letter"" saying  President Trump was ""completely wrong in choosing Neil Gorsuch"" to fill a vacant seat on the court."	All 8 Supreme Court Justices Stand in Solidarity Against Trump SCOTUS Pick?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-pelosi	The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled against House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on impeachment.	Did US Supreme Court ‘End Pelosi’s Reign of Terror’ with Impeachment Ruling?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-rule-1943-patriotic-rituals	"In 1943 the Supreme Court ruled that no one can be forced to participate in patriotic rituals such as the Pledge of Allegiance and the national anthem, so calling for NFL players to be fired for ""taking a knee"" in protest amounts to calling for the law to be broken."	Did the Supreme Court Rule in 1943 That No One Can Be Forced to Participate in Patriotic Rituals?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-rules-drivers-licenses-unnecessary	The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that motorists need not have licenses to drive vehicles on public roads.	Do You Need a Driver’s License to Legally Operate a Car on Public Roads?
vclaim-sno-supreme-court-rules-travel-ban	"The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that President Trump's travel bans are ""well within his constitutional rights to impose."""	Supreme Court Rules on Travel Ban?
vclaim-sno-supreme-general-antifa	"A photograph shows the ""Supreme Army General of Antifa"" in Portland."	Does Photo Show the ‘Supreme Army General of Antifa’?
vclaim-sno-supreme-gesture	Photograph shows a white supremacist activist surrounded by smiling blacks.	White Supremacist Surrounded by Blacks
vclaim-sno-surface-male	Photographs show children sent through the mail.	Were Children Once Sent Through the U.S. Mail?
vclaim-sno-surfer-towed-by-shark	A video shows a surfer being towed by a great white shark.	Is This Surfer Being Towed by a Shark?
vclaim-sno-surgeon-clinton-foundation-corruption-haiti	A U.S. surgeon who exposed “Clinton Foundation corruption in Haiti” was found dead in his home under suspicious circumstances.	Did a Surgeon Who Exposed ‘Clinton Foundation Corruption in Haiti’ Die a Suspicious Death?
vclaim-sno-surgeon-general-against-masks	U.S. Surgeon General Jerome Adams has said that the general public should not wear or buy masks to protect against the spread of the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Did the US Surgeon General Recommend the Public Not Wear Masks?
vclaim-sno-surprise-party	A photograph captures a young Barack Obama as a Black Panther party member.	Was Barack Obama a Black Panther?
vclaim-sno-surrender-car-police	By law, a driver must surrender his vehicle to a policeman who requests its use in order to chase a fleeing suspect.	Do You Have to Surrender Your Car to the Police?
vclaim-sno-surrender-dorothy	Obamacare “death panels” have executed a senior citizen named Dorothy Zbornak (or “Zborknak”) because she had outlived her usefulness.	Elderly Patient Executed by Obamacare Death Panels
vclaim-sno-survive-without-eating-382-days	In 1965 a 'grossly obese' man survived without eating for one year and 17 days, living entirely off his body fat and supplemental vitamins.	Did an Obese Man Survive Without Eating for 382 Days?
vclaim-sno-survivor-death-row	A death row inmate was released from prison after two execution attempts failed.	Death Row Inmate Survives Execution; Released from Prison
vclaim-sno-survivors-384th-af-squadron	A photograph shows a WWII vet who is “looking for any survivors of WWII 384th Air Force Bomb Group.”	Does This Vet Need Help in Finding Survivors of His Air Force Bomb Group?
vclaim-sno-susan-b-anthony-beaten-photo	A photograph shows women's rights activist Susan B. Anthony being attacked during a protest in 1872.	Is This a Photograph of Susan B. Anthony Being Beaten on the Street?
vclaim-sno-susan-bride-wedding	A woman named Susan posted an angry tirade blaming the cancellation of her wedding on her guests' refusal to contribute $1,500 each towards it.	Did a Woman Cancel Her Wedding Because Guests Refused to Pay $1,500 Each to Attend?
vclaim-sno-susan-collins-fake-quote	"U.S. Sen. Susan Collins said, ""Yes, I said that I wouldn't endorse him but that doesn't mean I don't fully support him"" in regards to U.S. President Donald Trump in 2020."	Did Sen. Collins Say This About Trump?
vclaim-sno-susan-collins-husband-russia	"Thomas Daffron, Sen. Susan Collins' husband, is ""a lobbyist for a firm that has numerous connections to Russia and Russian oligarchs."""	Is Senator Susan Collins’ Husband a ‘Lobbyist for Russian Interests’?
vclaim-sno-sushi-fanatic-5-foot-long-tapeworm	A Fresno man turned up at a local emergency room carrying a 5-foot-long tapeworm he pulled out of his own intestine.	Sushi Fanatic Pulls 5-Foot-Long Tapeworm Out of His Body
vclaim-sno-suspended-animation	Disney arranged to have himself frozen in cryonic chamber full of liquid nitrogen upon his death,	Was Walt Disney Frozen?
vclaim-sno-suspended-speech	A nine-year old boy was expelled from school because he said he “didn’t like Obama.”	9-Year Old Boy Expelled from School Because He Said He 'Didn't Like Obama'
vclaim-sno-suspension-of-belief	A fourth-grade student was suspended for saying ‘Merry Christmas’ to his teacher.	9-Year-Old Suspended for Saying ‘Merry Christmas’ to Teacher
vclaim-sno-sutherland-springs-shooting-rumors-hoaxes-and-conspiracy-theories	We investigated a number of hoaxes, rumors, and conspiracy theories associated with a mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas on 5 November 2017.	Sutherland Springs Shooting Rumors, Hoaxes, and Conspiracy Theories
vclaim-sno-suture-self	A machine-shop worker tore his scrotum in a piece of machinery and then stapled it back together.	Is This a Real Case Study of Scrotum Self-Repair?
vclaim-sno-swab-factory-trump-visit	A swab factory in Maine had to destroy medical supplies due to President Donald Trump's refusal to wear a mask during a visit.	Did a Medical Manufacturer Destroy Swabs After Trump’s Visit?
vclaim-sno-swag	"The word swag began in the 1960s as an acronym for ""Secretly we are gay."""	Did the Word ‘Swag’ Originate as an Acronym?
vclaim-sno-swallow-spiders	The average person swallows eight spiders per year.	Do People Swallow Eight Spiders Per Year?
vclaim-sno-swap-meat	An Oklahoma City McDonald's outlet was caught with horse meat and human meat in their freezers.	Was McDonald’s Exposed for Using Human Meat?
vclaim-sno-swastika-flag-trump-pence-michigan	A photograph shows a swastika flag bearing the names Trump and Pence displayed at the Operation Gridlock protest in Michigan.	Was a Swastika Flag Displayed at Operation Gridlock Protest?
vclaim-sno-sweden-6-hour-workday	The country of Sweden is officially moving to a 6-hour workday.	Is Sweden Moving to a 6-Hour Workday?
vclaim-sno-sweden-ban-mandatory-vaccinations-children-2017	The Swedish parliament rejected seven proposals in May 2017 establishing a mandatory vaccination program, enacting a ban on the practice.	Did Sweden Ban Mandatory Vaccinations for Children in 2017?
vclaim-sno-sweden-bans-christmas-lights	Sweden has discontinued the tradition of adorning street poles with Christmas lights to avoid angering Muslim refugees.	Sweden Bans Christmas Lights to Avoid Angering Muslim Refugees
vclaim-sno-sweden-christmas-winter	"Sweden has begun referring to ""Christmas"" as ""Winter Celebration"" in to appease their Muslim population."	Did Sweden Rename ‘Christmas’ to ‘Winter Celebration’ in Order to Avoid Offending Muslims?
vclaim-sno-sweden-consent-sex	"A forthcoming law means people in Sweden will have to carry a signed ""sex consent card"" to avoid allegations of rape."	Do People in Sweden Have to Sign a ‘Consent Form’ Before Having Sex?
vclaim-sno-sweden-crime-no-go-zone-police	"There are ""no-go zones"" in Sweden where the police can't enter."	Crime in Sweden, Part III: Does Sweden Have ‘No-Go Zones’ Where the Police Can’t Enter?
vclaim-sno-sweden-massive-terror-attack	"Sweden was ""rocked"" by a massive terrorist attack in February 2017."	Was Sweden ‘Rocked’ by a ‘Massive Terror Attack’ in February 2017?
vclaim-sno-sweden-sign-distracted-walkers	Sweden has installed road signs to warn drivers about distracted walkers.	Signs Warning Drivers about Distracted Walkers Were Installed by Artists
vclaim-sno-sweden-society-health-care	We fact-check a popular meme outlining the purported benefits of living in Sweden.	‘I Live in Sweden’: Facts About Swedish Society and Health Care
vclaim-sno-swedish-church-vandalized-housing-muslim-refugees	Muslim refugees desecrated a church with broken liquor bottles, urine and defecation.	Was a Swedish Church Vandalized After Housing Muslim Refugees?
vclaim-sno-swedish-girl-refugee-assault-meme	Image depicts a Swedish girl brutally abducted and raped by three refugees.	Swedish Girl Refugee Assault
vclaim-sno-swedish-police-bracelets	"Swedish police have introduced anti-sexual assault bracelets due to an increase in ""refugee rape."""	Swedish Police Hand Out ‘Don’t Touch Me’ Bracelets to Stop Refugee Rapists?
vclaim-sno-swedish-scientist-cannibalism	Magnus Söderlund proposed or advocated eating human flesh as a solution to climate change in remarks he made on Sept. 3, 2019.	Did a Swedish Scientist Propose Cannibalism as a Solution to Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-swept-under-the-tiger-rug	Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz posted a photograph showing him posing with a tiger rug in his Washington, D.C., office.	Ted Cruz Posted a Photo of a Tiger Rug in His Office?
vclaim-sno-swiffer-wetjet-pet-danger	The Swiffer WetJet poses a general danger to dogs and other household pets.	Is Swiffer WetJet Toxic to Pets?
vclaim-sno-swift-kick-groin-die	A blow to the testicles can kill a man.	Is It Possible to Kill a Man With a Swift Kick to the Groin?
vclaim-sno-swim-after-eating	Those who go swimming less than one hour after eating will be taken by a cramp and drown.	Should You Wait an Hour After Eating to Swim?
vclaim-sno-swimming-pool-wonderful-life	"The swimming pool and retractable basketball court from ""It's a Wonderful Life"" are still used in the present day."	Does the ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ Swimming Pool Still Exist?
vclaim-sno-swine-flu-vaccine	The swine flu vaccine used in the U.S. contains squalene, a dangerous adjuvant.	Dr. Russell Blaylock: Vaccine May Be More Dangerous Than Swine Flu
vclaim-sno-swiss-army-life	Switzerland issues firearms to adult men and provides training in their use.	Gun Ownership in Switzerland
vclaim-sno-swiss-miss	A Disney cartoon shows Mickey Mouse using an unusual method to make Swiss cheese.	Does This Disney Cartoon Show Mickey Mouse Inappropriately Making Swiss Cheese?
vclaim-sno-switzerland-hotel-jewish-guests	In August 2017, the owner of a hotel in Arosa, Switzerland posted signs imposing restrictions on Jewish guests, including asking them to shower before using the hotel swimming pool.	Did a Hotel Owner in Switzerland Ask Jewish Guests to Shower Before Using the Pool?
vclaim-sno-sydney-surfer	Video shows a surfer catching a wave at the Sydney Opera House.	Sydney Opera House Surfer
vclaim-sno-sylvester-stallone-death-hoax-2	Sylvester Stallone has passed away from prostate cancer.	Sylvester Stallone Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-sylvester-stallone-death-hoax	Actor Sylvester Stallone has been killed in a car accident in Australia.	Sylvester Stallone Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-sylvia-browne-coronavirus	"Self-described psychic Sylvia Browne ""predicted"" a 2020 outbreak of the new coronavirus."	Did Self-Described Psychic Sylvia Browne Predict the Coronavirus?
vclaim-sno-synagogue-shooting-victim-rose-mallinger	An image posted by a social media user shows Tree of Life mass shooting victim Rose Mallinger.	Is This a Photograph of Tree of Life Synagogue Shooting Victim Rose Mallinger?
vclaim-sno-syria-refugee-child-surrender	"A photograph shows a young Syrian child ""surrendering"" to a camera after mistaking it for a gun."	Does This Photo Show a Syrian Child ‘Surrendering’ to a Camera?
vclaim-sno-syrian-girl-handcuffed-airport	An Image depicts a five-year-old Syrian girl in handcuffs at Dulles Airport.	Does a Photograph Depict a 5-Year-Old Syrian Girl Handcuffed at Dulles Airport?
vclaim-sno-syrian-refugees-complain-tvs-food	"Syrian refugees in Europe are complaining about a lack of TVs, food quality, and ""slow internet."""	Syrian Refugees Complain About Slow Internet, No Television
vclaim-sno-syrian-refugees-disease	Syrian refugees are bringing a communicable flesh-eating disease into the United States.	Are Refugees Spreading Disease in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-syrian-rescue-organization-the-white-helmets-are-terrorists	The search-and-rescue organization in Syria, the White Helmets, is linked to terrorists.	Are the Syrian ‘White Helmets’ Rescue Organization Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-syrian-war-victims-are-being-recycled-and-al-quds-hospital-was-never-bombed	"Victims of atrocities in Syria are being ""recycled"" by anti-government activists."	Syrian War Victims Are Being ‘Recycled’ and Al Quds Hospital Was Never Bombed?
vclaim-sno-syringe-cakes	A German bakery is making cakes in the shape of syringes in honor of COVID-19 vaccines.	Did German Baker Make Syringe-Shaped Cakes to Celebrate COVID Vaccines?
vclaim-sno-t-boone-mike-gundy-haircut	The late multi-millionaire T. Boone Pickens left Oklahoma State University football coach Mike Gundy $30 in his will to get a haircut.	Did T. Boone Pickens Leave Mike Gundy $30 in His Will to Get a Haircut?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-cinammon-twists-pasta	Taco Bell's cinnamon twists are made from deep-fried rotini pasta.	Are Taco Bell’s Cinnamon Twists Made by Deep-Frying Rotini Pasta?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-closing-2020	Taco Bell is going out of business in 2020.	Is Taco Bell Going Out of Business?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-closing	The Taco Bell fast food chain is closing all of their locations.	Taco Bell Announcing Bankruptcy, All Stores Closing by 2018?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-dog	Taco Bell ended its famous ad campaign with a Chihuahua because the dog died.	Did Taco Bell End Famous Ad Campaign after the Dog Died?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-grade-d-meat	"Prisons, school cafeterias, Taco Bell, and other fast food restaurants use ""Grade D but edible"" meat in the food products they serve."	Does Taco Bell Serve ‘Grade D But Edible’ Meat?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-major-changes	Taco Bell just announced major changes to its restaurants for COVID, and it's unreal.	Did Taco Bell Just Announce ‘Major’ and ‘Unreal’ COVID Changes?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-menu-change	Taco Bell removed a number of popular menu items at the beginning of 2021.	Did Taco Bell Remove Popular Menu Items in January 2021?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-mexican-pizza	Taco Bell has removed the Mexican Pizza, Shredded Chicken items, and Pico de Gallo from its menu.	Did Taco Bell Remove Its Mexican Pizza Menu Item?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-refried-beans	A TikTok video shows someone preparing refried beans at a Taco Bell restaurant.	TikTok Video ‘Exposes’ How Taco Bell Makes Its Refried Beans?
vclaim-sno-taco-bell-two-dollar	A Taco Bell employee refused a $2 bill from a customer because he thought it wasn't real.	Did a Taco Bell Employee Refuse a $2 Bill?
vclaim-sno-taco-blue-fray	Employees at a Chipotle Mexican Grill in Brooklyn refused service to eight uniformed NYPD officers after making a “hands up, don’t shoot” gesture to indicate their distaste for the policemen.	Chipotle Refuses Service to Brooklyn NYPD Officers?
vclaim-sno-taco-cabana-sign-donald-trump-prank	Taco Cabana Restaurants have banned Donald Trump supporters	Taco Cabana Sign Banning Trump Supporters Was a Prank
vclaim-sno-tag-acronym-touch-and-go	"The name of the children's game ""tag"" originated as the acronym of ""touch and go."""	Etymology of ‘Tag’
vclaim-sno-tagged	E-mailed invitations from friends to join the Tagged.com web site are a form of scam or virus.	Tagged
vclaim-sno-tails-of-manhattan	Story by Woody Allen features lobsters gaining revenge on Bernie Madoff.	Tails of Manhattan
vclaim-sno-tainted-buffet-cause-severe-diarrhea-strip-club	"A ""severe diarrhea incident"" struck a strip club, affecting dancers and patrons who consumed tainted buffet food."	Tainted Buffet at Jackson Strip Club Blamed After Severe Diarrhea Incident on Stage?
vclaim-sno-taiwan-experts-self-check	If you can hold your breath without coughing, discomfort, stiffness, or tightness, your lungs do not suffer from fibrosis and therefore you have no COVID-19 infection.	No, Holding Your Breath is Not a ‘Simple Self-Check’ for Coronavirus
vclaim-sno-takanakuy-annual-tradition	On December 25, residents of the Chumbivilcas Province of Peru settle grudges with an annual tradition of fist fights known as Takanakuy.	Is Takanakuy a Real Christmastime Tradition?
vclaim-sno-take-me-out-of-the-ball-game	A Russian man was drugged and his testicles stolen by an attractive stranger.	Russian Star Has Testicles Stolen
vclaim-sno-take-my-breath-away	Sucking on a penny or a breath mint will help someone who has been drinking defeat a breathalyzer test.	Defeating the Breathalyzer Test
vclaim-sno-take-my-kids	A man angered by the IRS’s refusal to allow deductions for all three of his children threatened to turn the raising of two of them over to the government.	Take My Kids!
vclaim-sno-take-off-your-clothes	"In the film Aladdin, the hero whispers, ""Good teenagers, take off your clothes."""	Did Aladdin Ask Teenagers to Take Off Their Clothes?
vclaim-sno-take-team-kavanaugh	"A Minnesota education worker asked on Twitter whether someone would ""take one for the team"" by killing a newly-confirmed Supreme Court justice."	Did a School Employee Tweet ‘Who’s Gonna Take One for the Team and Kill Kavanaugh?’
vclaim-sno-take-that-to-the-bank	Disgruntled customer writes caustic letter to his bank over a bounced check.	Bounced Check Complaint
vclaim-sno-taken-my-guns	Action star Liam Neeson is a gun control advocate.	Action Star Liam Neeson Is Pro-Gun Control?
vclaim-sno-taking-kids-to-church-violates-rights	The UN stated that taking children to church is a violation of their human rights.	Did the UN Say Taking Kids to Church Violates Their Human Rights?
vclaim-sno-tale-two-houses	E-mail compares George W. Bush's eco-friendly ranch with Al Gore's energy-expending mansion.	A Tale of Two Houses
vclaim-sno-tali-ban	Rick Santorum said that a ban on pornography was “one of only a few things I see eye to eye on with the Taliban.”	Rick Santorum: Ban Gay Pornography
vclaim-sno-talking-angela-warning	The Talking Angela app unsafely prompts children to provide personal information about themselves.	Is the ‘Talking Angela’ App Unsafe for Children?
vclaim-sno-talking-shoplifting	Shoplifting and other forms of crime decreased dramatically on 1 May 2006, the “Day Without Immigrants.”	Shoplifting Drops on May 1
vclaim-sno-taller-people-covid-risk	Taller people are at a higher risk of catching the COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Do Taller People Have a Heightened Risk of Catching COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-tamiflu-causing-increased-number-deaths-flu-season	Tamiflu is responsible for the increased number of deaths this flu season.	Is Tamiflu Causing Increased Deaths from Flu?
vclaim-sno-tamir-rice-kyle-rittenhouse-memes	According to memes, Tamir Rice, a Black boy, was killed for having a fake toy gun, while Kyle Rittenhouse, who is white, walked by police after allegedly killing two people with an assault rifle and was able to go home and sleep.	How Accurate Are Memes Comparing Tamir Rice and Kyle Rittenhouse?
vclaim-sno-tampa-uber-kidnapping-claim	"A woman who entered an Uber in Tampa, Florida, on 18 February 2019 was the victim of an attempted kidnapping by a ""sex traffic worker."""	Did Facebook Posts Describe a Real Attempted Kidnapping Involving an Uber Driver in Tampa?
vclaim-sno-tampax-pearl	Tampax Pearl brand tampons have been linked to an outbreak of toxic shock syndrome.	Tampax Pearl Tampons Cause Toxic Shock Syndrome?
vclaim-sno-tampered-conditioner-hair-loss	A Wisconsin woman involuntarily lost her hair in July 2019 after she used conditioner that had been tampered with by someone at a Walmart store.	Did Tampered-With Conditioner Cause a Wisconsin Woman to Lose Her Hair?
vclaim-sno-tampon-tax	Feminine hygiene products are subject to sales tax in most states.	Tampon Tax
vclaim-sno-tank-silencer-photo	A photograph shows a tank silencer.	Is This a Picture of a ‘Tank Silencer’?
vclaim-sno-tanya-mcdowell-felicity-huffman	Did Tanya McDowell get five years in prison for sending her son to a better school, while actress Felicity Huffman got 14 days in prison for paying to have her daughter's SAT scores inflated in what has become known as the college-admissions cheating scandal.	Did Tanya McDowell Get 5 Years for Sending Her Son to a Better School While Felicity Huffman Got 14 Days?
vclaim-sno-tanya-mcdowell-sentencing	Collegiate athletes were sentenced lightly for serious crimes while a homeless mother was sentenced to five years in prison for enrolling her son in the wrong Connecticut school.	Was a Woman Sentenced to Five Years for Sending Her Son to a Better School?
vclaim-sno-tanzania-president-covid-tests	Tanzania President John Magufuli secretly sent specimens from a fruit, quail, and goat to a lab testing for the COVID-19 coronavirus disease in humans — and the results came back positive.	Did Tanzania’s President Expose Faulty COVID-19 Testing by Submitting Non-Human Samples?
vclaim-sno-tape-measure	Image shows a 1980s advertisement offering a free U2 album with every cassette player purchase.	Free U2 Tape with Every Cassette Player
vclaim-sno-tapioca-time-bomb	A freighter carrying tapioca nearly sank when a fire in its hold (and the water used to extinguish it) cooked the cargo.	Tapioca Sinks Freighter
vclaim-sno-tapping-the-admirable	The melody known as 'Taps' was found in the pocket of a dying boy on a Civil War battlefield.	The Origins of ‘Taps’
vclaim-sno-tara-mcclossoff	In 2019, a Democrat lawmaker named Tara McClossoff introduced a bill that would ban senior citizens from voting.	Did a Democrat Named ‘Tara McClossoff’ Introduce a Bill to Ban Senior Citizens From Voting?
vclaim-sno-tarantula-swimming-video	A video shows a tarantula swimming.	Is This Video of a Tarantula Swimming Real?
vclaim-sno-target-american-flag-removal	Target will no longer sell American flags in its stores.	Target to Discontinue Sales of American Flag
vclaim-sno-target-blocks-israel-e-commerce-access	Target.com or Target blocked Israel from accessing and shopping their web site.	Target Blocks Israel from E-Commerce Access?
vclaim-sno-target-customer-service-transgender-bathroom	An image shows a curt response from a Target customer service representative.	Fake Target Customer Service Account Responds to People Angry About Transgender Bathroom Policy
vclaim-sno-target-donating-100000-lgbt	"Target is donating $100,000 to ""promote gay lifestyles to school children."""	Is Target Donating $100K to ‘Promote Gay Lifestyles to School Children’?
vclaim-sno-target-eyeglasses	Target stores with optical departments are offering free eyeglasses to children 12 and under.	Free Glasses for Kids at Target
vclaim-sno-target-free-credit-monitoring	Target is offering free credit monitoring service to customers who may have been affected by its credit card security breach.	Target Free Credit Monitoring
vclaim-sno-target-holiday-stores	"Target just announced a ""HUGE"" change to its stores for the holidays in December 2020."	Did Target Just Announce a ‘HUGE’ Change to Its Stores for the Holidays?
vclaim-sno-target-holy-bible-ban	Target has stopped selling the Bible.	Target to Discontinue Sale of Holy Bible
vclaim-sno-target-practice-2	Persons in Oregon are obtaining free animals through Craigslist ads to use for target shooting practice.	Craigslist Target Practice Warning
vclaim-sno-target-shop-with-a-cop	"Target canceled its annual ""Heroes & Helpers"" program that pairs children with local police officers for holiday shopping trips."	Did Target End Its ‘Shop with a Cop’ Program?
vclaim-sno-target-stock-boycott	Target's stock price has plummeted due to a boycott over the store's transgender restroom policy.	Target Stock Plummets After One Million People Boycott Stores?
vclaim-sno-target-strangers-facebook-warning	A woman encountered kidnapping scouts at a Houston Target.	Target ‘Talking to Strangers’ Facebook Warning
vclaim-sno-target-sues-hero-stabbing	Target sued a man for saving a girl from being stabbed in one of their stores.	Target Sues ‘Hero’ for Saving Stabbing Victim
vclaim-sno-target-transgender-bathroom-policy	Target caved to pressure from President Obama and LGBT groups and instituted a store-wide policy allowing transgender employees and shoppers to use the bathroom that matched their gender identity.	Target Transgender Bathroom Policy
vclaim-sno-target-urinals	The Target retail chain has installed urinals in their women's bathrooms.	Target Puts Urinals in Women’s Bathrooms
vclaim-sno-target-vouchergift-card-scam	Target is distributing free $500 vouchers or $1000 gift cards to users who click an online link.	Target Voucher/Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-targeted-for-crime	Rapists prowling a Target store parking lot use an elderly woman in distress to lure victims.	Rapist in Target Parking Lot
vclaim-sno-targets-sharia-compliant-lanes	A photograph depicts a sign at Target informing customers purchasing pork or alcohol to choose another lane to accommodate Muslim employees.	Are You Shopping at One of Target’s Sharia-Compliant Stores?
vclaim-sno-targets-stock-transgender-bathroom-policy	Target's stock crashed because of its transgender bathroom policy.	Did Target’s Stock ‘Crash’ Due to Their Transgender Bathroom Policy?
vclaim-sno-tartar-oj-smoking	Mixing cream of tartar with orange juice will flush nicotine from your body and help you quit smoking faster.	Will Cream of Tartar Mixed with Orange Juice Help You Quit Smoking?
vclaim-sno-tarzan-and-tarzana	"The Southern California community of Tarzana was so named after the famous ""ape man"" character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs, one of the town's early residents."	Tarzan and Tarzana
vclaim-sno-tashfeen-malik-face-photo	A lawyer for Tashfeen Malik asked the media not to show photographs of her face because doing so was offensive to Muslims, and MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry criticized the New York Times for publishing such pictures.	Image Problem
vclaim-sno-taste-buds	Food tasters work on behalf of U.S. presidents.	Presidential Food Tasters
vclaim-sno-taste-the-cocainebow	The FDA has discovered that Skittles candies are being laced with cocaine.	FDA Discoveries Skittles Factories Lacing Products with Cocaine?
vclaim-sno-tater-taught	You should avoid eating green potatoes because they are poisonous.	Are Green Potatoes Poisonous?
vclaim-sno-tattoo-needled	Mothers with tattoos risk passing “Fetal Ink Syndrome” on to their children.	Fetal Ink Syndrome: Tattoos Make You a Horrible Mother
vclaim-sno-tattoo-you	Photograph shows a distraught child in the process of being tattooed by his father.	Father Tattoos His Baby Son
vclaim-sno-taverns-gadabouts-samuel-pepys	Samuel Pepys wrote about taverns being full of gadabouts during a plague in 1665.	Did Samuel Pepys Write ‘The Taverns Are Full of Gadabouts’ in 1665?
vclaim-sno-tax-bill-deduction-losses-wildfires	The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 calls for eliminating or severely curtailing the personal casualty deduction for losses from wildfires and other natural disasters.	Does the 2017 Tax Plan Eliminate Deduction for Losses from Wildfires, Other Natural Disasters?
vclaim-sno-tax-bill-private-schools	The 2017 tax reform bill eliminates personal deductions for state and local taxes (primary sources of public school funding), while offering tax breaks for parents who send their children to private schools.	Does the 2017 Tax Reform Bill Help Private Schools and Hurt Public Schools?
vclaim-sno-tax-bill-small-business-deductions	Under the 2017 tax overhaul legislation currently making its way through Congress, all deductions for business-related expenses incurred by small business owners and the self-employed would be eliminated.	Does the 2017 Tax Reform Bill Eliminate Small Business Deductions?
vclaim-sno-tax-defund	The payment of federal tax refunds for 2014 will be delayed until October 2015.	Will 2014 Tax Refunds Be Delayed Until October 2015?
vclaim-sno-tax-holidays-for-immigrants	The U.S. government grants tax holidays to certain favored groups of immigrants and provides them with free housing, new cars, and clothing allowances.	Are Immigrants Exempt from Paying Taxes?
vclaim-sno-tax-plan-employee-discounts	Tax reform plans proposed by House and Senate Republicans in November 2017 would remove the deduction for employee discounts.	Would the Republican Tax Plan Make Employee Discounts Taxable?
vclaim-sno-tax-plan-graduate-students	The Republican tax reform plan would increase the tax burden on graduate students by counting waived tuition as personal income.	Would the Republican Tax Plan Count Graduate Tuition Waivers as Taxable Income?
vclaim-sno-tax-refunds-late-2021	Tax refunds will be late in 2021.	Will Tax Refunds Be Late in 2021?
vclaim-sno-tax-season	The National Football League enjoys tax-exempt status as a nonprofit organization.	Is the NFL a Tax-Exempt Non-Profit Organization?
vclaim-sno-taxes-for-clunkers	Incentives received by consumers through the “Cash for Clunkers” program are subject to taxes.	Cash for Clunkers Incentives Are Taxable?
vclaim-sno-taxi-driver-murderer-fake-news	A taxi driver in Nigeria (or Zambia, or New York City, among other places) is using his cab to pick up victims.	Is a Murderous Taxi Driver Killing People in His Cab?
vclaim-sno-taxpayers-air-force-one	It costs American taxpayers roughly $200,000 an hour every time President Obama travels in Air Force One to campaign for Hillary Clinton.	Does It Cost Taxpayers $200,000 per Hour for President Obama to Use Air Force One to Campaign for Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-taya-kyle-nike-american-sniper	In September 2018, Taya Kyle posted a Facebook message that strongly criticized the tone and slogan of Nike's recently-unveiled campaign with Colin Kaepernick.	Did the Widow of ‘American Sniper’ Chris Kyle Criticize Nike’s Colin Kaepernick Campaign?
vclaim-sno-taylor-siders	A 16-year-old girl named Taylor Siders is missing from her Hurricane, West Virginia, home.	Missing Child: Taylor Siders
vclaim-sno-taylor-swift-abortion	"In a 2019 interview, singer Taylor Swift said she ""supports abortion"" and couldn't believe ""people want to protect unborn children."""	Did Taylor Swift Say She ‘Supports Abortion’?
vclaim-sno-taylor-swift-colin-kaepernick	"Taylor Swift was photographed in the company of former NFL quarterback and ""take a knee"" protester Colin Kaepernick at a San Francisco nightclub."	Was Taylor Swift ‘Busted’ on a Date with Colin Kaepernick?
vclaim-sno-taylor-swift-fan-trump-shirt	Musician Taylor Swift humiliated a fan for wearing a Trump shirt to one of her shows.	Did Taylor Swift Humiliate a Fan for Wearing a Trump Shirt to Her Show?
vclaim-sno-taylor-swift-statue-of-liberty	"Taylor Swift said ""We should remove the Statue of Liberty."""	Did Taylor Swift Say ‘We Should Remove the Statue of Liberty’?
vclaim-sno-taylor-swift-taobao	Taylor Swift posed with a Midea electric burner in an ad for Chinese marketplace Taobao.	Does an Image Show Taylor Swift Hawking an Electric Burner?
vclaim-sno-tcob-piano-pizza	"A pizza delivery man played the piano part on the Bachman-Turner Overdrive hit ""Takin' Care of Business."""	Did a Pizza Delivery Man Play Piano on BTO’s ‘Takin’ Care of Business’?
vclaim-sno-te-busted	NFL quarterback Tim Tebow was arrested for soliciting a prostitute.	Tim Tebow Arrested for Soliciting a Prostitute?
vclaim-sno-tea-and-pesticides	Testing has revealed that eight popular tea brands contain illegal amounts of deadly pesticides.	Do These 8 Teas Contain “Illegal Amounts of Deadly Pesticides”?
vclaim-sno-tea-cup-sallie-prostitution	"Photographs show a woman named ""Tea Cup Sallie"" and her prostitution license."	Is This ‘Tea Cup Sallie’ and Her Prostitution License?
vclaim-sno-tea-party-confederate-flag-ban	President Obama has called for banning the display of Confederate and Tea Party flags on public property.	Did Obama Call for Bans on Confederate and Tea Party Flags?
vclaim-sno-teacher-fills-hallway-balloons	A teacher used a hallway full of balloons to teach students an illustrative lesson about happiness.	Teacher Fills Hallway with Balloons to Give Students a Lesson on Happiness?
vclaim-sno-teacher-meth-bite-students	A teacher was arrested after she stripped naked and bit two students while she was high on crystal meth.	Did a Teacher High on Meth Strip Naked in Class and Bite Two Students?
vclaim-sno-teachers-accidentally-discharge-gun	A teacher trained in the use of firearms accidentally discharged a handgun in a California classroom, causing minor injury to a student.	Did a Firearms-Trained Teacher Accidentally Discharge a Gun in a Classroom, Injuring a Student?
vclaim-sno-teaching-arabic-numerals	More than 50% of respondents to a survey from Civic Science said that Arabic numerals should not be taught in school.	Did 56% of Survey Respondents Say ‘Arabic Numerals’ Shouldn’t be Taught in School?
vclaim-sno-team-mitch-aoc	A photograph shows several young males wearing “Team Mitch” shirts while strangling, kissing, or otherwise posing with a cardboard cutout of U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.	Do Photos Show Boys in ‘Team Mitch’ Shirts Choking and Kissing AOC Cutout?
vclaim-sno-team-project	Accused Fort Hood shooter Major Nidal Hasan was “an advisor to Obama’s Homeland Security team.”	Nidal Hasan
vclaim-sno-teamkraken-georgia-injunction	"Trump's legal supporters won ""a major injunction"" in their quest to overturn election results in Georgia."	Debunking Trump Tweets: No Big Win in Georgia for #TeamKraken
vclaim-sno-tear-drop-monument	Photographs show a New Jersey monument to the victims of 9/11 that was donated by Russia.	9/11 Tear Drop Memorial
vclaim-sno-tear-gas-banned-warfare	Tear gas is a chemical weapon banned in international law for use in warfare.	Is Tear Gas Banned for Use in Warfare?
vclaim-sno-tech-billionaire-parents-limit	Tech billionaires such as Bill Gates and Steve Jobs advocated limiting children's use of technology.	Did Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and Other Tech Billionaire Parents Advocate Limiting Children’s Technology Use?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-blames-god-twitter	Ted Cruz blamed God for his failed presidential campaign on Twitter.	Ted Cruz Blames God for Defeat in Epic Twitter Meltdown
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-business-rights	Senator Ted Cruz said that businesses should exercise their right to turn away gay customers.	Ted Cruz: ‘Businesses Should Turn Away Gay Customers’?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-cancun-cancel-culture	"U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz released a fundraising request saying that ""liberal cancel culture"" forced him to cancel his trip to Cancún, Mexico."	Did Ted Cruz Say ‘Liberal Cancel Culture’ Forced Him To Cancel Cancún Trip?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-cancun	On Feb. 17, 2021, amid a winter storm crisis in Texas, that state's U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz took a trip to Cancun, Mexico.	Did Ted Cruz Fly to Cancun During Texas Energy Crisis?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-constitution-bible	Ted Cruz will replace the Constitution with the Bible if he's elected President.	Ted Cruz to Replace Constitution with Bible?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-covid-guarantee	Sen. Ted Cruz said that if Joe Biden won the 2020 presidential election, Democrats would loosen COVID restrictions a week later.	Did Ted Cruz Say Democrats Would Lift COVID Restrictions a Week After the Election?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-donald-trump-endorsement	Ted Cruz said that he would endorse Donald Trump if the latter promised to make masturbation illegal.	Ted Cruz: I Will Endorse Donald Trump for President If He Makes Masturbation Illegal
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-left-dog-snowflake-cancun	U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz left his dog at home alone when he traveled with his family to Cancun, Mexico, in February 2021.	Did Ted Cruz Leave His Dog Snowflake at Home While Traveling to Cancun?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-literally-talks-god	Ted Cruz said that he literally talks to God.	Ted Cruz Literally Talks to God?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-marriott-points	In February 2021, Marriott hotels revoked U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz's rewards points as punishment for his traveling to Cancun, Mexico, during a winter storm in Texas.	Did Ted Cruz Lose His Marriott Points After Cancun Trip?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-mass-shootings	"Ted Cruz said no mass shootings took place when ""gays stayed hidden."""	Did Ted Cruz Blame Gay People for Mass Shootings?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-net-worth	Ted Cruz's net worth increased from $500,000 when he entered the Senate in 2013 to $4.6 million, on a salary of $174,000 per year.	Did Ted Cruz’s Net Worth Increase from $500K to $4.6 Million Since He Entered the U.S. Senate?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-netflix-and-chill-contest	"GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz ran a ""Netflix and Chill"" contest on his campaign web site."	Ted Cruz Doesn’t Want to ‘Netflix and Chill’ with You
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-on-air-force-one	Ted Cruz met with President Obama, Hillary Clinton, and Valerie Jarrett on Air Force One a few days before the RNC, and they convinced him not to endorse Donald Trump.	Ted Cruz Plots on Air Force One
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-opposed-self-pleasuring	Ted Cruz tried to ban dildoes while serving as solicitor general of Texas.	Did Ted Cruz Oppose Self-Pleasuring Activities and Devices?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-run-as-democrat	Ted Cruz said he'd run as a Democrat against Donald Trump if Hillary Clinton had to drop out of the 2016 presidential race.	Ted Cruz Said ‘If Something Happens to Hillary’ He’ll ‘Run as a Democrat Against Trump’
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-sound-fury-quote	"U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz messed up when he attributed the famous phrase ""full of sound and fury / signifying nothing"" to William Shakespeare."	Did Ted Cruz Botch a Shakespeare Quote?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-southern-states-nuclear-weapons-protect-beliefs	"Sen. Ted Cruz said Southern states should build a nuclear arsenal to ""protect their beliefs."""	Did Ted Cruz Say Southern States Should Build Nuclear Weapons to Protect Their Beliefs?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-speak-dnc	Senator Ted Cruz is scheduled to speak at the 2016 Democratic National Convention.	Ted Cruz Will Speak at Democratic National Convention
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-summons-mailings	Sen. Ted Cruz's campaign has sent fundraising letters with an envelope made up to resemble a legal summons.	Did Ted Cruz’s Campaign Send Fundraising Mailers That Resemble Legal Summonses?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-texas-freezes-over	In Sept. 2016, Ted Cruz tweeted, “I’ll believe in climate change when Texas freezes over.”	Did Ted Cruz Tweet ‘I’ll Believe in Climate Change When Texas Freezes Over’?
vclaim-sno-ted-cruz-trump-violence-quote	"U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz said in 2016 that ""Trump has a consistent pattern of inciting violence."""	Did Ted Cruz Say Trump ‘Has a Consistent Pattern of Inciting Violence’?
vclaim-sno-ted-nugent-biden-letter	The musician and right-wing commentator Ted Nugent wrote an open letter to Joe Biden, vowing to reject his calls for unity.	Did Ted Nugent Write an Open Letter to Joe Biden?
vclaim-sno-ted-nugent-build-the-wall-concert	Ted Nugent announced he is throwing a star-studded concert to fund the building of a border wall between the United States and Mexico.	Did Ted Nugent Announce a ‘Build the Wall’ Benefit Concert?
vclaim-sno-ted-nugent-death-hoax	Ted Nugent was killed in a Montana hunting accident.	Ted Nugent Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-ted-nugent-kaepernick-chimp	"Ted Nugent called Colin Kaepernick a ""chimp"" when discussing the President's support for the athlete's protest."	Ted Nugent: ‘I Don’t Get How a Chimp Gets to Invoke Human Rights’
vclaim-sno-ted-yoho-votes	Congressman Ted Yoho said that African-Americans should get only 3/5ths of a vote.	Did Ted Yoho Say African-Americans Should Get Only 3/5ths of a Vote?
vclaim-sno-teddy-roosevelt-anger-a-liberal-quote	"Teddy Roosevelt said that ""to anger a conservative, lie to him; to anger a liberal, tell him the truth."""	Teddy Roosevelt on Conservatives vs. Liberals
vclaim-sno-teddy-roosevelt-patriotic-quote	"U.S. President Teddy Roosevelt once said, ""Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president."""	Did Teddy Roosevelt Say ‘Patriotism Means to Stand by the Country … Not the President’?
vclaim-sno-teddy-stoddard	Did a boy named Teddy Stoddard give his teacher old perfume and a bracelet in gratitude for her kindness, thereby creating a friendship that turned his life around?	Teddy Stoddard
vclaim-sno-tedx-pedophilia-sexual-orientation	A TEDx speaker gave a talk that referred to pedophilia as an 'unchangeable sexual orientation.'	Did a TEDx Speaker Say Pedophilia Is an ‘Unchangeable Sexual Orientation’?
vclaim-sno-teen-boy-46-times	"A teen boy died of ""orgasmic shock"" after masturbating 46 times in a row."	Did a Teen Boy Die After Pleasuring Himself 46 Times?
vclaim-sno-teen-dies-after-60-minute-challenge	A teen boy died after participating in a 60-minute masturbation challenge.	Teen Dies After 60 Minute Challenge?
vclaim-sno-teen-hector-cruz-contracts-herpes-condom-challenge	"A teenager named Hector Cruz contracted herpes by participating in the ""condom challenge"" social media trend."	FALSE: Teen Hector Cruz Contracts Herpes from Condom Challenge
vclaim-sno-teen-insurance-coronavirus	An uninsured 17-year-old boy died of COVID-19 symptoms after being refused care due to a lack of medical insurance.	Did Uninsured Teen Die of COVID-19 After Being Denied Treatment?
vclaim-sno-teen-kills-younger-brother-because-he-thought-he-deleted-his-pokemon	A 15-year-old boy stabbed his brother to death because he thought the younger boy had deleted his Pokemon,	Teen Kills Younger Brother Because He Thought He Deleted His Pokemon
vclaim-sno-teen-noa-pothoven-euthanasia	Dutch teen author Noa Pothoven was voluntarily euthanized.	Did Dutch Teen Noa Pothoven Die by Euthanasia?
vclaim-sno-teen-playing-pokemon-go-stabbed	A teenager was stabbed after accidentally wandering into a bad neighborhood while playing the new 'Pokemon Go' app.	Teen Playing ‘Pokemon Go’ Stabbed and Mugged for His iPhone
vclaim-sno-teen-sells-kidney-for-iphone	In 2011, a Chinese teenager sold his kidney in exchange for cash, which he used to buy an iPhone and an iPad.	Did a Teen Sell His Kidney in Exchange for an iPhone?
vclaim-sno-teenage-arizona-couple-moves-out-of-chicago-after-just-one-day-because-of-assault	A young couple was assaulted in Chicago, causing them to move back to Arizona after just one day in the city.	Teenage Arizona Couple Moves Out of Chicago After Just One Day Because of Assault?
vclaim-sno-teenage-daughter-shirt-pregnant	"A photograph showing a teenager in a ""stay clear boys"" shirt and a second image of a pregnant woman feature the same person."	Did a Teenage Daughter Dressed in Dad’s ‘Stay Clear Boys’ Shirt Get Pregnant?
vclaim-sno-teenagers-sewing-mouths-shut-scary-new-trend	Teens are sewing their mouths shut in the latest fashion craze.	Are Teenagers Sewing Their Mouths Shut in a ‘Scary’ New Trend?
vclaim-sno-teens-spread-covid-adults	Teens and tweens transmit SARS-CoV-2 quicker and more efficiently than adults.	Do Teens Spread COVID-19 As Fast As Adults?
vclaim-sno-teleka-patrick	Gospel singer Marvin Sapp is linked to the disappearance of	Disappearance of Dr. Teleka Patrick
vclaim-sno-telephony	Photograph shows Barack Obama holding a telephone upside down.	FALSE: Barack Obama with Upside-Down Telephone
vclaim-sno-televangelist-threatens-civil-war	"Televangelist Kenneth Copeland says ""civil war"" will unfold if Donald Trump loses the presidential election."	Kenneth Copeland: ‘Whoever Doesn’t Vote for Trump Will Be Guilty for the Civil War We Planned’
vclaim-sno-temple-of-baal-in-new-york-city	The Temple of Baal is being rebuilt in New York and London as an operable house of worship, with more such temples to follow.	Temple of Baal in New York City
vclaim-sno-temptations-cat-treats-facebook-warning	Temptations cat treats are causing renal failure in cats.	Temptations Cat Treats Facebook Warning
vclaim-sno-ten-commandments-mississippi	Mississippi House Bill 1100 would force public school teachers to recite the Ten Commandments at the start of each school day.	Did a Mississippi Democrat Propose a Law to Force Teachers to Recite the Ten Commandments?
vclaim-sno-tennessee-bill-children-illegitimate	A bill introduced to the Tennessee General Assembly classifies children born from artificial insemination as illegitimate.	Does A Proposed Tennessee Bill Classify Children Born from Artificial Insemination as “Illegitimate”?
vclaim-sno-tennessee-rep-meth-lab	A police raid on a Tennessee congressman's property turned up a meth lab and fourteen pounds of methamphetamine.	Police Don’t Find Fake Democratic Congressman’s Non-Existent Meth Lab
vclaim-sno-tennessee-schoolchildren-islam	A photograph shows Tennessee public school students being forced to pray in a mosque.	Were Tennessee Schoolchildren Forced to Bow Down to Allah?
vclaim-sno-tennis-balls-toxic-dogs	Dogs can suffer chemical burns from chewing on tennis balls.	Are Tennis Balls Toxic to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-tents-situation	An image captures a bear seconds before the ursine mauled its photographer to death.	Was Photographer Michio Hoshino Killed by a Bear?
vclaim-sno-term-limits	A proposal before Congress would repeal the 22nd amendment to allow Barack Obama to serve as “President for life.”	Bill to Repeal the 22nd Amendment
vclaim-sno-term-paper-goods	The idea for FedEx earned that company's founder a failing mark while he was a college student.	The Origins of FedEx
vclaim-sno-terminator-2-commentary-policing	"Film director James Cameron said that he chose a cop for the villain of ""Terminator 2"" in part because ""cops think of all non-cops as less than they are."""	Was ‘Terminator 2’ Villain Created as a Commentary on Policing?
vclaim-sno-terms-of-service-violation-scam	Facebook is about to close your account, citing violation of its policies.	Facebook Terms of Service Violation Scam
vclaim-sno-terms-of-service	"Congress is ""moving to appoint Barack Obama to a third term"" in 2016"	Terms of Service
vclaim-sno-terri-schiavo	CBS has announced plans to produce a made-for-TV movie about the Terri Schiavo case.	Terri Schiavo TV Film
vclaim-sno-terrifying-warning-about-ice-cream-trucks-and-chloroform	Mothers of girls should be on the lookout for ice cream trucks (specifically Mr. Softee branded ones) as reports of chloroform kidnappings have surfaced.	‘Terrifying Warning’ About Ice Cream Trucks and Chloroform
vclaim-sno-terrorist-attacks-22	There is a meaningful link between terrorist attacks and the 22nd day of the month	Is There a Link Between Terrorist Attacks and the 22nd Day of the Month?
vclaim-sno-terrorist-attacks-entry-restriction	A chart documents that nationals from the seven countries included in President Trump's U.S. entry restriction have not killed any American citizens since 1975.	No Deadly Terrorist Attacks by People from Countries Included in Foreign Entry Restriction?
vclaim-sno-terrorist-threat-alert	A spoof of terrorist threat levels was written by English comic John Cleese.	Alert to Threats in 2013 Europe
vclaim-sno-tesla-car-really-space	A series of images show a Tesla vehicle in space.	Is This Car Really in Space?
vclaim-sno-tesla-cell-phones-1926	"In 1926, scientist and inventor Nikola Tesla described a future ""when wireless is perfectly applied the whole earth"" in a way that allows humans ""to communicate with one another instantly irrespective of distance"" with the clarity of a face-to-face meeting using a device that ""will fit in our vest pockets."""	Did Nikola Tesla Describe Cell Phones in 1926?
vclaim-sno-tesla-hiring-complaints-elon-musk	A job listing posted by Tesla in January 2021 described the specialist role as having to “address social media escalations … directed at the CEO,” who at the time of this writing was Elon Musk.	Is Tesla Hiring Someone to Handle Complaints Tweeted at Elon Musk?
vclaim-sno-testicles-childbirth-pain-comparison	Getting hit in the testicles is hundreds of times more painful than labor or childbirth.	Is a Testicular Blow Exponentially More Painful Than Childbirth?
vclaim-sno-testimony-biotech-company	Court testimony proved that a biotech company harvests organs from live fetuses.	Did Court Testimony Prove a Biotech Company Harvests Organs from Live Fetuses?
vclaim-sno-tetanus-vaccine-sterilization	Ongoing tetanus vaccine campaigns in Kenya are a ruse to sterilize women of childbearing age.	Is Tetanus Vaccine Spiked with Sterilization Chemicals?
vclaim-sno-texas-alien-anal-probe	Arnold White admitted he had kidnapped and sexually assaulted 79 people while he was disguised as an alien.	Did a Texas Man Confess to Kidnapping 79 People While Disguised as an Alien?
vclaim-sno-texas-am-commencement-address	Radio talk show host Neal Boortz delivered a controversial commencement speech at Texas A&M.	Neal Boortz’s Texas A&M Commencement Address?
vclaim-sno-texas-arkansas-snow-removal-road	Images show a snow-covered road in Texas next to a snowplowed road in Arkansas during a February 2021 winter storm.	Does Photo Show Half-Cleared Road on Texas-Arkansas Border?
vclaim-sno-texas-armed-patrol-boats	A photograph shows a Texas Dept. of Public Safety boat equipped with machine guns on the Rio Grande.	Does the Texas DPS Have Armed Patrol Boats on the Rio Grande?
vclaim-sno-texas-birth-certificates-illegals	The State of Texas announced it would no longer be issuing birth certificates to the children of undocumented immigrants.	Texas No Longer Issuing Birth Certificates to Babies Born to Undocumented Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-texas-bonnet-rattlesnake	Photograph shows a newly-discovered snake species known as the Texas Bonnet Rattlesnake.	Texas Bonnet Rattlesnake
vclaim-sno-texas-boston-strangler	The Texas state legislature once passed a resolution honoring the Boston Strangler.	Did the Texas Legislature Honor the Boston Strangler?
vclaim-sno-texas-chainsaw-massacre	The film The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was based on a true story.	Was ‘The Texas Chainsaw Massacre’ Based on a True Story?
vclaim-sno-texas-christians-adopting-children	A law passed in Texas would ban non-Christians from adopting children.	Does Texas Ban Non-Christians from Adopting Children?
vclaim-sno-texas-church-shooter-antifa	The perpetrator of the Sutherland Springs shooting carried an Antifa flag and told churchgoers “this is a communist revolution.”	Was the Texas Church Shooter an Antifa Member Who Vowed to Start Civil War?
vclaim-sno-texas-church-shooter-atheist-dnc-payroll	The Texas church shooter was an atheist and was also on the payroll of the Democratic National Committee.	Was the Texas Church Shooter an Atheist on the DNC Payroll?
vclaim-sno-texas-governor-tweet-rapist	Texas Governor Greg Abbott posted a tweet falsely claiming a convicted child rapist was an illegal immigrant.	Did the Texas Governor Tweet a Fake BBC Page with False Information About a Convicted Rapist?
vclaim-sno-texas-harvey-israel	As of October 2017, would-be recipients of a repair grant from Dickinson, Texas, must promise not to boycott Israel.	Did a City in Texas Require Harvey Aid Recipients to Promise Not to Boycott Israel?
vclaim-sno-texas-high-school-students-fake-trump-assassination	High school students in Texas were reprimanded for a skit depicting the assassination of President-elect Trump.	Texas High School Students Fake Trump Assassination
vclaim-sno-texas-hold-em	The town of Purdon, Texas was quarantined after a family of five there tested positive for the Ebola virus.	Texas Town Quarantined After Family of Five Test Positive for the Ebola Virus
vclaim-sno-texas-horse-hunt	A Texas business provides big game hunters with an opportunity to participate in “horse hunt adventures.”	Texas Horse Hunt
vclaim-sno-texas-house-saved-inflatable-dam	"A photograph shows an ""inflatable dam"" holding back the flood waters surrounding a Texas home."	Was This House Saved from a Flood by an ‘Inflatable Dam?’
vclaim-sno-texas-israel-oath-boycott	A 2017 law passed in Texas requires would-be government contractors to sign an oath promising they will not boycott Israel.	Does a Texas Law Require Government Contractors to Swear They Won’t Boycott Israel?
vclaim-sno-texas-man-prostitute-wife	A man hired an escort, only to discover that it was his wife.	Did a Texas Man Discover a Hired Escort Was His Wife?
vclaim-sno-texas-man-speaks-about-black-lives-matter	A resident of East Texas shared his opinion of the Black Lives Matter movement.	Texas Man Speaks About Black Lives Matter
vclaim-sno-texas-maternal-mortality-rate-doubles-after-reproductive-health-restrictions	The maternal death rate in Texas has spiked in recent years due to funding cuts for reproductive health clinics.	Texas Maternal Mortality Rate Doubles After Reproductive Health Restrictions?
vclaim-sno-texas-mayor-rant-facebook-post	"Tim Boyd, the mayor of Colorado City, Texas, wrote, ""Only the strong will survive and the weak will parish [sic]"" in a Facebook post about the February 2021 winter storm."	Did Texas Mayor Say ‘Only the Strong Will Survive’ Amid Winter Storm?
vclaim-sno-texas-non-citizen-voters	Texas discovered that 58,000 ineligible non-citizens illegally registered and voted in one or more elections in the state.	Did Texas Discover 58,000 Cases of Voter Fraud by Non-Citizens?
vclaim-sno-texas-pastor-weapons-loaded	Texas Pastor Brandon Burden told his congregation to keep their weapons “loaded” in advance of the Jan. 20, 2021, presidential inauguration.	Did Texas Pastor Say Keep Weapons ‘Loaded’ Before Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-texas-rape-insurance	"In August 2017, the Texas House of Representatives passed a bill that would force women to purchase ""rape insurance."""	Did the Texas House of Representatives Pass a Law Requiring Women to Buy ‘Rape Insurance’?
vclaim-sno-texas-rapture-schooling	School is no longer compulsory for Texas students whose parents believe in the religious concept of Rapture.	Did Texas Rule Kids Don’t Need to Be Schooled If They Believe in the Rapture?
vclaim-sno-texas-residents-forced-to-pay-slavery-reparations	A resolution passed in March 2016 forces residents of a Texas county to pay reparations to black citizens.	Texas Residents Forced to Pay Slavery Reparations?
vclaim-sno-texas-samir-al-hajeed-sam-hyde	"The gunman in a November 2017 mass shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas was identified as a Muslim convert named ""Samir Al-Hajeed."""	Was the Texas Church Shooter a Muslim Convert Named ‘Samir Al-Hajeed’?
vclaim-sno-texas-sb-17	"If implemented, the provisions of Texas Senate Bill 17 would ""allow doctors to refuse LGBTQ patients."""	Did Republican Texas Legislators Advance a Bill That Would ‘Allow Doctors to Refuse to Treat LGBT People’?
vclaim-sno-texas-social-workers	"The Texas regulatory board overseeing social workers removed language from a rule that previously prohibited social workers from refusing service to clients because of their ""disability; sexual orientation; gender identity and expression."""	Did Texas Remove Discrimination Protections for LGBTQ and Disabled Clients of Social Workers?
vclaim-sno-texas-statue-vandalize-deadly-force	It is legal in Texas to use deadly force to stop a Confederate statue from being vandalized.	Is It Legal in Texas to Use Deadly Force to Protect a Statue from Vandalism?
vclaim-sno-texas-two-misstep	The Texas Department of Corrections granted a cannibal inmate’s request of a child for his last meal.	Death Row Inmate Asks for a Child As His Last Meal, Texas DOC Plan to Grant Request?
vclaim-sno-texas-vote-switching	"Voters across Texas have witnessed their votes switch from ""straight Republican"" to Democrat on compromised voting machines."	Texas Vote Switching
vclaim-sno-texas-voter-id-meme	92-year-old Pam Nelson of Victoria, Texas, was unable to vote because of new laws requiring voters to present ID.	Texas Voter ID
vclaim-sno-texas-voter-id-names-women	Texas' photo ID law means voters whose photo ID name doesn't match their birth certificate name must bring marriage and divorce documents to the polls.	Does Texas Law Prevent Women from Voting Due to ID Requirements?
vclaim-sno-texas-voting-machines-party-switching	Voting machines in Texas are changing voters' selections to the opposite party's candidate in a U.S. Senate race.	Are Texas Voting Machines Switching People’s Votes?
vclaim-sno-text-count-me-to-89800	"The Women's March on Washington is tallying attendees by asking them to text ""COUNT ME"" to 89800."	Should You Text ‘Count Me’ to 89800 to Support the Women’s March?
vclaim-sno-text-nhs-worker-coronavirus	"A National Health Service worker warned against going out to buy necessities, even bread, when COVID-19's infection ""peak"" hits ""tomorrow."""	Is This a Text from an NHS Worker?
vclaim-sno-text-rbg-50409	"Texting ""RBG"" to 50409 engages a service called ""Resistbot"" and generates an email encouraging a delayed vote on a new Supreme Court justice, which is sent to a user's U.S. senators."	Does Texting ‘RBG’ to 50409 Send a Letter to Your Senators?
vclaim-sno-text-target-gift-card	"Social media users can get a free Target gift card by texting the word ""TARGET"" to 83361."	Can You Text to 83361 to Receive a Free Target Gift Card?
vclaim-sno-textbook-africa-south-america	"A map showing the ""Distribution of Perching Birds"" in a science textbook mistook Africa for South America."	Did a Science Textbook Mistake Africa for South America?
vclaim-sno-textbook-bigotry	Image shows a children’s textbook with a passage stating that only white people can be racist and only men can be sexist.	Disturbing: LOOK What We Found in This Liberal Textbook
vclaim-sno-textbook-brock-turner-criminology-example	A criminology textbook used an image of Brock Turner to illustrate an entry on rape.	Did a Criminology Textbook Use Brock Turner to Illustrate an Entry on Rape?
vclaim-sno-texting-lanes-miami-dade	"Miami-Dade County announced plans to create ""texting lanes"" on its highways."	Miami-Dade to Create Freeway ‘Texting Lane’ to Accommodate Millenial Drivers
vclaim-sno-texting-while-driving	Photographs show automobile accidents that occurred as the result of motorists texting while driving.	Texting While Driving
vclaim-sno-tgi-fridays-deal	A $380 million deal to sell TGI Fridays that was announced in 2019 was canceled on March 31, 2020, because of the oncoming COVID-19 pandemic.	Was a $380M Deal To Sell TGI Fridays Canceled Due to COVID?
vclaim-sno-thai-die	A 13-year-old boy in Thailand died from pumping air up his rectum to get high.	Bicycle Pump Death
vclaim-sno-thalidomide-covid-vaccine	A rapidly approved drug known as thalidomide was not rigorously tested before being prescribed to pregnant women, ultimately leading to “malformations in newborns” born to women who were prescribed the drug. The so-called “thalidomide tragedy” provides a possible case study for the undetermined effects of COVID-19 vaccinations administered under emergency-use authorizations in the U.S.	Is the 1950s ‘Thalidomide Tragedy’ Indicative of COVID-19 Vaccine Risks?
vclaim-sno-thank-you-canada	"Florida Circuit Court Judge Robert Meadows penned an essay entitled ""Thank You Canada,"" in which he urged readers to be more appreciative of our northern neighbors."	Did Judge Robert Meadows Pen an Essay Entitled ‘Thank You, Canada?’
vclaim-sno-thanks-a-mil-no-make-that-54-million	After successfully robbing a bank, very polite Japanese thieves penned a thank-you note to that financial institution.	Robbers Send Thank You Note
vclaim-sno-thanks-for-sharing	Muhammad Ali offered a pithy quote about religion while visiting the World Trade Center site after 9/11.	Thanks for Sharing
vclaim-sno-thanks-to-those-who-serve-maze	"A photograph shows a corn maze that spells out the letters, ""Thanks to those who serve."""	Is the ‘Thanks to Those Who Serve’ Corn Maze Real?
vclaim-sno-thar-she-blows	In 1970, the Oregon Department of Transportation attempted to dispose of a whale carcass by blowing it up.	Oregon’s Infamous Exploding Whale
vclaim-sno-that-girl-emily	Woman takes revenge on her cheating husband by advertising his infidelities on a billboard.	Did a Woman Expose Her Cheating Husband with a Billboard?
vclaim-sno-that-run-down-feeling	Driving examiner gets run over during a road test.	Driving Examiner Mishap
vclaim-sno-thats-so-craven	Raven Symone said Bill Cosby “drugged and raped” her after	Raven Symone Files Molestation Charges Against Bill Cosby
vclaim-sno-the-045	Gen. David Petraeus authored an essay about the 0.45% of the population that has served in the Global War on Terror.	Gen. David Petraeus on the 0.45%
vclaim-sno-the-12-days-of-whataburger	“12 Days of Whataburger” coupons can be redeemed for free food items at Whataburger outlets.	‘The 12 Days of Whataburger’ Coupons
vclaim-sno-the-4-solution	Beginning on 27 January 2013 credit card users will be assessed a 4% fee.	4% Credit Card Fees
vclaim-sno-the-5-solution	Senator Chris Dodd opined that a 5% down payment requirement “would restrict home ownership to only those who can afford it.”	5% Downpayment Quote
vclaim-sno-the-50-porsche	Woman sells her partner's expensive new car for $50 after he runs off with a younger woman.	The $50 Porsche
vclaim-sno-the-64000-question	President Obama declined to answer a question about whether he would give up his current health care program.	The $64,000 Question for Obama
vclaim-sno-the-accidental-tsuris	Destructive act is conveniently blamed on household pet.	Pet Blamed for Mishap
vclaim-sno-the-affirmative-action-president	Matt Patterson wrote “The Affirmative Action President,” an opinion piece critical of Barack Obama, for the	Washington Post Hits Obama
vclaim-sno-the-affordable-golf-club-act	The “Affordable Golf Club Act” requires all U.S. residents to purchase a new set of golf clubs before April 2014.	The Affordable Golf Club Act
vclaim-sno-the-amazing-cucumber	List details a number of helpful uses for cucumbers.	The Amazing Cucumber
vclaim-sno-the-amish-dont-get-autism	The Amish don’t get autism because they do not vaccinate their children.	The Amish Don’t Get Autism?
vclaim-sno-the-amityville-horror	'The Amityville Horror' is based on a true story.	Was ‘Amityville Horror’ Based on a True Story?
vclaim-sno-the-aroused-minister	The minister officiating at Ursula's wedding ceremony in The Little Mermaid displays an erection.	Does the Minister in ‘Little Mermaid’ Get an Erection?
vclaim-sno-the-art-of-marriage	Actor Paul Newman authored an essay on the art of marriage for his wedding to Joanne Woodward.	The Art of Marriage
vclaim-sno-the-artful-dodger	Rocker Ted Nugent evaded the draft in the 1960s by taking drugs and acting crazy.	Ted Nugent Dodged the Draft?
vclaim-sno-the-babysitter-and-the-man-upstairs	A babysitter left alone in charge of sleeping children receives several mysterious, threatening phone calls.	The Babysitter and the Man Upstairs
vclaim-sno-the-bag-lady	Woman accidentally leaves a bag of waste in her lover’s apartment.	What She Left Behind
vclaim-sno-the-banned-book-of-dr-seuss	Dr. Seuss once wrote a children's book since banned due to its references to suicide and violence.	The ‘Banned’ Book of Dr. Seuss
vclaim-sno-the-barometer-problem	A physics professor gives a final examination that requires his students to explain how to measure the height of a tall building using a barometer. Instead of the expected answer (i.e., measure the barometric pressure at the top and bottom of the building, then use those readings to calculate the altitude), one student provides several unique but technically correct alternative solutions to the problem.	The Barometer Problem
vclaim-sno-the-bawdy-under-the-bed	A vacationing couple staying in a foul-smelling motel room discovered a body hidden under their bed.	The Body Under the Bed
vclaim-sno-the-bedbug-letter	Apology letter sent to a wronged customer is marred by attached instructions to send the recipient the standard grovel.	The Bedbug Letter
vclaim-sno-the-best-wing	Photographs show a dwelling made from an airplane.	House Made from Airplane
vclaim-sno-the-big-sleep	Eating turkey makes people especially drowsy.	Does Eating Turkey Make You Sleepy?
vclaim-sno-the-biggest-christmas-tree	Photograph shows “the world’s largest Christmas tree display.”	The Biggest Christmas Tree
vclaim-sno-the-biscuit-bullet	A woman sitting in a car is convinced she’s been shot when a loud bang is immediately followed by an impact to her head, producing a sticky mass on her cranium. The ‘brains’ she tries to hold in turn out to be biscuit dough from an exploded can.	The Biscuit Bullet
vclaim-sno-the-blind-date	A young man with a blind date arranged for later in the evening stops by a drug store one afternoon to pick up some condoms (just in case).  To cover his nervousness, he jokes with the pharmacist about how he plans to “get lucky” that night.  When the young man arrives at his date’s home later that evening the door is answered by the same pharmacist, who turns out to be his blind date’s father.	Buying Condoms From Date’s Dad
vclaim-sno-the-book-of-potter	Pope Francis has hired	Was J.K. Rowling Hired to Rewrite the Bible?
vclaim-sno-the-boyfriends-death	Hours after sending her boyfriend in search of gasoline, a girl is rescued from her stranded car by police. Though cautioned not to turn around, she does...and sees her boyfriend's lifeless body hanging from a tree branch above the car.	The Boyfriend’s Death
vclaim-sno-the-boys-in-the-band	A deceived woman exacts revenge on her married lover by slipping his wedding ring onto his penis.	Wedding Ring Penile Strangulation
vclaim-sno-the-buggy-buggy	Handles of shopping carts are laden with germs.	Are Shopping Cart Handles Riddled with Germs?
vclaim-sno-the-bullet-fuse	A pair of Arkansas rednecks are injured using a .22 caliber shell in place of a burnt-out automobile fuse.	The Bullet Fuse
vclaim-sno-the-bunny-man-photo	The FBI discovered a mysterious photograph behind a dumpster in 1982 which showed a man in a bunny mask dragging a woman into a building.	The Bunny Man
vclaim-sno-the-butter-truth	Margarine was originally manufactured to fatten turkeys.	Margarine vs. Butter: What’s Better?
vclaim-sno-the-cab-ride	Account describes a cab driver taking an elderly woman to a hospice on the last ride of her life.	The Cab Ride
vclaim-sno-the-caine-mutiny	“No tears” baby shampoos work because they include anesthetics such as novocaine.	Novocaine in Baby Shampoo
vclaim-sno-the-carry-grant	A	Answer Carried into Exam
vclaim-sno-the-cented-garden	Presenting a rare 1943 copper cent to Ford entitled the bearer to a brand-new automobile.	1943 Penny For a Ford Automobile
vclaim-sno-the-class-menagerie	A registrar, as a joke, fills one entire class with students whose last names are also animal names (e.g., Byrd, Fox, Lyon, Finch, Lamb).	The Class Menagerie
vclaim-sno-the-claus-that-refreshes	The modern image of Santa Claus was created by the Coca-Cola Company.	Did Coca-Cola Invent the Modern Image of Santa Claus?
vclaim-sno-the-color-of-sperm	A neo-Nazi woman gave birth to a black baby after being inseminated by the wrong sperm donor.	Black Donor’s Sperm Mistakenly Sent to Neo-Nazi Couple?
vclaim-sno-the-coming-ice-age	"'Time' ran a cover story titled ""How to Survive the Coming Ice Age"" in 1977."	Did a 1977 ‘Time’ Story Offer Tips on ‘How to Survive the Coming Ice Age’?
vclaim-sno-the-company-for-cruelty	Cosmetic companies Avon, Mary Kay and Estée Lauder have resumed testing their products on animals after previously abandoning the practice.	Has Animal Testing Resumed for Avon, Mary Kay, and Estée Lauder?
vclaim-sno-the-costner-of-love	In August 1997, the Baltimore Orioles deliberately created a lighting malfunction before a game to keep Cal Ripken's consecutive game streak intact.	The Cost(ner) of Love
vclaim-sno-the-crushed-dog	An overanxious visitor accidentally sits on the family pet and kills it.	The Crushed Dog
vclaim-sno-the-curse-of-tecumseh	A death curse threatens U.S. presidents elected in years evenly divisible by twenty.	Presidential 20-Year Death Curse
vclaim-sno-the-daily-planet	NASA announced that the Curiosity Rover found a message from God on Mars.	NASA Finds Message from God on Mars
vclaim-sno-the-daughter-of-a-soldier	Soldier at an airport delivers a kiss from her father to a little girl.	The Daughter of a Soldier
vclaim-sno-the-days-of-swine-neuroses	E-mails provide helpful advice about swine flu.	Swine Flu Advice
vclaim-sno-the-dead-cat-in-the-package	A package containing a dead cat is stolen by a thief who thinks she’s making off with something of value.	The Dead Cat in the Package
vclaim-sno-the-dead-vets-vette	Buyer who answers unbelievable ad in paper offering a vintage Corvette for a pittance discovers the car belonged to the seller’s son, who was killed in Vietnam, and is being offered for so low a price because the bereaved mother has no inkling of the vehicle’s true value.	The Dead Vet’s Vette
vclaim-sno-the-death-of-beth	AMC is bringing the character of Beth Greene back to life on	AMC’s ‘The Walking Dead’ Agrees to Bring Beth Greene Back to Life.
vclaim-sno-the-death-of-fluffy	Comedian Gabriel Iglesias is dead.	Gabriel Iglesias Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-the-death-of-hef	The iconic founder of the Playboy empire has died at age 91	Playboy Tycoon Hugh Hefner Passes Away at 91
vclaim-sno-the-decline-and-fall-of-the-american-empire	Rabbi Steven Pruzansky penned an opinion piece about the 2012 U.S. presidential elections entitled “The Decline and Fall of the American Empire.”	Rabbi Steven Pruzansky — The Decline and Fall of the American Empire
vclaim-sno-the-disappearance-of-ashley-kansas	The town of Ashley, Kansas, and its entire population disappeared after an earthquake in 1952.	The Disappearance of Ashley, Kansas
vclaim-sno-the-dishonest-note	A fellow returns to his car to find it smashed up and an unusual note on the windshield.	The Dishonest Note
vclaim-sno-the-doctor-of-the-future	Thomas Edison said that “The doctor of the future will give no medicine but will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet and in the cause and prevention of disease.”	Thomas Edison on the 'Doctor of the Future'
vclaim-sno-the-dog-watch	A young man tries to distract his date's parents from his dinnertime faux pas by inadvertently calling their attention to an even more embarrassing situation.	Dating Disasters: The Dog Watch
vclaim-sno-the-don-patrol	Mafia neighbor helps burglary victims by effecting the return of their stolen goods.	Helpful Mafia Neighbor
vclaim-sno-the-donner-partys-over	Two of Santa's reindeer were originally named 'Dunder' and 'Blixem,' not 'Donner' and 'Blitzen.'	What Are the True Names of Santa’s Reindeer?
vclaim-sno-the-dreamsicle	A woman is so overwhelmed a meeting a celebrity in an ice cream parlor that she inadvertently puts her ice cream cone into her purse.	Ice Cream in Purse
vclaim-sno-the-elephant-whisperer	After ‘Elephant Whisperer’ Lawrence Anthony died, groups of wild elephants traveled miles to visit his home.	The Elephant Whisperer
vclaim-sno-the-ether-bunny	A student who consults a doctor at the campus medical center because of continual soreness in his rectum discovers that his gay roommate has been secretly anesthetizing and sodomizing him at night.	Secret Roommate Sodomy
vclaim-sno-the-expressionless	"An ""expressionless"" apparition in a blood-covered gown appeared at Cedars-Sinai hospital in 1972."	The Expressionless Ghost
vclaim-sno-the-eye-of-god	A photograph taken by the Hubble Space Telescope shows a nebula dubbed the 'Eye of God.'	The ‘Eye of God’ Photographed by Hubble Space Telescope
vclaim-sno-the-eyes-of-texas	The McDonald’s restaurant chain is the world’s largest purchaser of cow eyeballs.	McDonald's: World's Largest Purchaser of Cow Eyeballs?
vclaim-sno-the-eyes-that-saw-a-nuke	Photograph shows the face of a girl who was blinded by a nuclear bomb.	The Eyes That Saw a Nuke
vclaim-sno-the-fair-shake	After the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, a car thief was found crushed to death under a collapsed freeway overpass in the vehicle he’d stolen.	Car Thief Dies in Earthquake
vclaim-sno-the-fall-of-the-athenian-republic	Law professor’s analysis demonstrates that the results of the last presidential election correspond to a prediction about the downfall of democracy.	The Fall of the Athenian Republic
vclaim-sno-the-fart-in-the-dark	A young lady on a date breaks wind in private	The Fart in the Dark
vclaim-sno-the-father-of-traffic-safety	The man who penned the first traffic laws never drove a car himself.	William Phelps Eno – The Father of Traffic Safety
vclaim-sno-the-fence	Concentration camp survivor is coincidentally reunited years later with a girl who secretly helped feed him.	The Fence – Herman Rosenblat
vclaim-sno-the-final-furball	A woman on death row has requested a live kitten for her last meal.	Death Row Inmate Requests a Kitten as Last Meal
vclaim-sno-the-fired-drill	Large company effects mass layoff via a fire drill.	Fire Drill Layoff
vclaim-sno-the-floating-church	A new church was moved by a hurricane onto a plot of land that church members had originally attempted to purchase for it.	The Church Moved by the Hand of God
vclaim-sno-the-follower	Photograph shows a kayaker being trailed by a Great White shark.	The Follower
vclaim-sno-the-freedom-rock	Photographs show a rock painted with patriotic scenes alongside an Iowa highway.	The Freedom Rock in Iowa
vclaim-sno-the-gap-is-using-merry-christmas-signs-instead-of-happy-holidays	"Gap, Inc. stores will feature signs saying ""Merry Christmas"" instead of ""happy holidays."""	The Gap Is Using ‘Merry Christmas’ Signs Instead of ‘Happy Holidays’?
vclaim-sno-the-generous-one	Shoppers pitch in to buy food for a woman who was embarrassed over using a welfare card at a grocery store.	Think Before We Speak
vclaim-sno-the-gobbler	Prankish kids leave a turkey neck sticking out of Dad's pants; Mom faints when she sees the cat gnawing on it.	Turkey Neck
vclaim-sno-the-gold-and-ivory-tablecloth	A war-separated couple was reunited by a tablecloth.	The Gold and Ivory Tablecloth
vclaim-sno-the-great-divide	Texas can by law choose to divide itself into five different states.	Can Texas Divide Itself into Five Separate States?
vclaim-sno-the-great-molasses-flood	A fatal wave of molasses swept through Boston in January 1919.	The Great Molasses Flood of 1919
vclaim-sno-the-great-stork-derby	A wealthy Toronto lawyer bequeathed his estate to whichever woman gave birth to the most babies in the ten-year period following his death.	The Toronto ‘Stork Derby’ Baby Race
vclaim-sno-the-greediest-generation	"Former senator Alan Simpson hypocritically referred to modern Americans as ""the greediest generation."""	Did Alan Simpson or Dick Durbin Call Americans ‘The Greediest Generation’?
vclaim-sno-the-hare-dryer	A family’s dog trots into the yard carrying the corpse of their neighbor’s pet rabbit in its jaws.  The dog’s owners wash and blow dry the dead rabbit to give it the appearance of life, then sneak into the neighbors’ yard and return it to its cage.  The neighbors are horrified when they discover that some sick person has dug up their rabbit (it had died the day before) and put it back in the cage.	Replaced Rabbit
vclaim-sno-the-hello-girl	"The greeting ""Hello"" entered the language because it was the surname of Alexander Graham Bell's girlfriend."	The Hello Girl
vclaim-sno-the-highway-sign	U.S. Interstate highways are numbered according to a pattern based on their direction and location.	U.S. Highway Numbering
vclaim-sno-the-hildabeast	List reproduces various statements made by Hillary Clinton.	The HildaBeast
vclaim-sno-the-hind-lick-maneuver	Family pet startles man by sticking its cold nose into his genitals.	Nude Startled by Nosey Pet
vclaim-sno-the-hole-truth-2	Golf courses have eighteen holes because a bottle of Scotch contains eighteen shots.	Why Golf Courses Have 18 Holes
vclaim-sno-the-holy-ce	Pope Francis holds an advanced degree in chemistry.	FALSE: Pope Francis Has a Master's Degree in Chemistry
vclaim-sno-the-hook	A couple's late night make-out session is cut short when they hear a report on the car radio about an escaped killer (who has a hook for a hand) in the vicinity. The girl insists on being driven home immediately; upon arrival at her house, the boy discovers a bloody hook hanging from the passenger-side car door handle.	The Hook
vclaim-sno-the-hunger-site	You can direct money to hunger relief simply by clicking a button on a web site.	The Hunger Site
vclaim-sno-the-imperfect-storm	Photographs show the Statue of Liberty amidst a hurricane.	Statue of Liberty Amidst a Hurricane
vclaim-sno-the-italian-stallion	One of Sylvester Stallone's first screen efforts was a starring role in a porn film.	Sylvester Stallone Porn Film
vclaim-sno-the-joggers-billfold	Thinking himself robbed of his billfold, a jogger runs down the thief and takes back his property . . . only to later discover his ‘stolen’ wallet at home.	The Jogger’s Billfold
vclaim-sno-the-killer-in-the-backseat	A good Samaritan warns a female driver about the armed and dangerous man hiding in the back seat of her car.	The Killer in the Backseat
vclaim-sno-the-killing-yields	A U.S. company is hiring mercenaries at a salary of $500,000 per year to kill ISIS members.	U.S. Company Hiring Mercenaries to Kill ISIS
vclaim-sno-the-knight-before	Furman University changed the name of its mascot to avoid an embarrassing acronym.	Furman University – Christian Knights
vclaim-sno-the-kosher-nostra	Certain symbols displayed on the packaging of a variety of grocery items signify that their manufacturers have paid a 'secret tax' to the Jews.	Is Kosher Food Certification a ‘Jewish Scam’?
vclaim-sno-the-last-bullfight	A photograph captures the exact moment torero Álvaro Múnera became an opponent of bullfights.	Is This the Exact Moment a Bullfighter Became an Anti-Bullfighting Activist?
vclaim-sno-the-last-interrogation	Video shows a suspect in a police shooting committing suicide in an interview room.	Police Interview Room Suicide
vclaim-sno-the-last-laughs-on-him	People have died laughing.	Have People Died Laughing?
vclaim-sno-the-last-letter	Letter from a disabled veteran criticizes George Bush and Dick Cheney over the Iraq War.	A Message to George W. Bush and Dick Cheney from a Dying Veteran
vclaim-sno-the-last-of-the-kennedy-dynasty	Article chronicles aspects of Senator Ted Kennedy’s life and career.	The Last of the Kennedy Dynasty
vclaim-sno-the-leper-who-changes-spots	A leper was found working in a Chesterfield cigarette factory.	Leper in Chesterfield Cigarette Factory
vclaim-sno-the-lighter-side-of-death	Spark from a welding arc reaches disposable lighter in worker’s pocket, causing it to explode and kill him.	Exploding Lighters
vclaim-sno-the-lion-in-summer	Photograph shows lions resting in the shade of an airplane's wing.	Are These Lions Huddled in the Shade of an Airplane Wing?
vclaim-sno-the-lion-king	The letters S-E-X are formed by a swirling cloud of dust in The Lion King.	Is the Word ‘Sex’ Hidden in ‘The Lion King’?
vclaim-sno-the-little-girl	"John Michael Montgomery's song ""The Little Girl"" is based on a true story."	Was John Michael Montgomery’s Song ‘The Little Girl’ Based on a True Story?
vclaim-sno-the-little-mermaid	Emma Watson will be starring in a live-action version of	Emma Watson as ‘The Little Mermaid’
vclaim-sno-the-littlest-fireman	A dying child was made an honorary fireman by the Phoenix Fire Department.	The Littlest Fireman
vclaim-sno-the-loan-arranger	Barack Obama filed a lawsuit to require banks to “make loans to poor people.”	Obama Required Banks to Lend Money to Poor People
vclaim-sno-the-lost-blue-book	Faced with a test question he cannot answer, a student tricks his instructor into believing that one of his exam booklets was lost.	The Tale of the Lost Blue Book
vclaim-sno-the-lost-day	"NASA scientists discovered a ""missing"" day in time that corresponds to Biblical accounts of the sun's standing still in the sky."	NASA Discovers a ‘Lost Day’ in Time?
vclaim-sno-the-lost-wreck	Work crew discovers a decades-old wrecked car with several skeletons inside.	The Lost Wreck
vclaim-sno-the-lottery	On 11 September 2002, the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on New York’s World Trade Center towers, the numbers selected in one of the	Sept 11 Lottery Coincidence
vclaim-sno-the-lowes-down	The jilted wife of the owner of Home Depot created the Lowe's chain of home improvement stores.	Lowe’s vs. Home Depot
vclaim-sno-the-maine-event	Article describes incidents in the administration of Maine governor Paul LePage.	Meet Maine's New Governor: Paul LePage
vclaim-sno-the-mandarin-menace	Pesticide used on mandarin oranges imported from China is causing severe allergic reactions among U.S. consumers.	Mandarin Orange Pesticide
vclaim-sno-the-meathead	Shoplifter who attempts to conceal a chicken under her hat is caught when the frozen loot renders her unconscious.	‘Frozen Brain’ Shoplifter
vclaim-sno-the-metabo-law	A law in Japan makes it illegal for citizens of that country to be fat.	Is It Illegal to Be Fat in Japan?
vclaim-sno-the-middle-wife	Second grader acts out her mother’s birthing process in school as a show-and-tell offering.	The Middle Wife
vclaim-sno-the-milk-of-human-kindness	A doctor operated for free on a girl who years earlier had given him a glass of milk.	Dr. Howard Kelly and the Glass of Milk
vclaim-sno-the-millers-tale	Comedian Dennis Miller authored “A Brief Overview of the Situation,” an essay about the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.	A Brief Overview of the Situation
vclaim-sno-the-miselucidation-of-lauryn-hill	"During an MTV interview, singer Lauryn Hill said: ""I would rather die than have a white person buy one of my albums."""	The Miselucidation of Lauryn Hill
vclaim-sno-the-modular-body-videos	A video shows Oscar, the world's first modular life form.	World’s First ‘Modular Life Form’
vclaim-sno-the-money-team	Boxer Floyd Mayweather is giving away $2.6 million to one lucky fan on Facebook.	Floyd Mayweather Giving Away Money on Facebook?
vclaim-sno-the-montauk-monster	Photographs show unusual animal carcasses found in Montauk (New York) and Panama.	Montauk Monster / Panama Creature
vclaim-sno-the-music-mandate	All live music played anywhere in the U.S. now requires a permit from the Department of Homeland Security.	Department of Homeland Security Requires Permits for Live Music?
vclaim-sno-the-music-manson	Charles Manson was one of the 437 applicants who tried out for The Monkees in 1965.	Did Charles Manson Audition for The Monkees?
vclaim-sno-the-new-fashion-rage-in-mug-shots	Mug shots demonstrate a preponderance of Obama supporters among arrestees.	The New Fashion Rage in Mug Shots
vclaim-sno-the-north-face-refuse-jackets	The North Face refused to fulfill a clothing order to Innovex Downhole Solutions, a Houston-based oil and gas company, over concerns about the company’s environmental practices.	Did The North Face Refuse To Sell an Oil Company Hundreds of Jackets?
vclaim-sno-the-not-so-sweet-smell-of-success	Fame, Lady Gaga’s perfume, is made with blood and semen.	Lady Gaga Perfume
vclaim-sno-the-notebook-2-hoax	The movie 'The Notebook 2' has started filming in various US cities.	‘The Notebook’ Sequel Isn’t in Production
vclaim-sno-the-obama-trifecta	List details a “trifecta” of firsts related to President Obama.	The Obama Trifecta
vclaim-sno-the-obligatory-wait	All colleges have regulations specifying how long students must wait if an instructor fails to appear, and these wait times vary depending upon the academic rank of the instructor.	How Long Must Students Wait for an Absent Professor?
vclaim-sno-the-obstinate-lighthouse	An aircraft carrier unknowingly attempted to bully a lighthouse into moving out of its way.	The Obstinate Lighthouse
vclaim-sno-the-office-us-is-returning-in-2018	A continuation of 'The Office' television series is in the works at NBC.	Is ‘The Office’ Returning to U.S. Television in 2018?
vclaim-sno-the-old-college-sigh	"A significant and growing number of college students support ""post-birth abortions,"" extending to children as old as four or five."	More College Students Support Post-Birth Abortion?
vclaim-sno-the-old-man-and-the-c	A student who belongs to a fraternity that keeps a file of members’ papers and exams sifts through the stack and selects a several-year-old term paper to copy and resubmit.  When he gets his paper back from the professor, it includes a grade of ‘A’ and the prof’s comment, “When I wrote this paper as a freshman it only received a ‘C’, and I always thought it was worth more.”	Professor’s Paper
vclaim-sno-the-old-one	A horse named ‘The Old One’ rescued a herd from a burning barn.	The Old One
vclaim-sno-the-one-percent-solution	The Obama administration is proposing a 1% tax on debit card usage and/or banking transactions.	H.R. 4646 – Debt Free America Act
vclaim-sno-the-one-word-to-describe-obamacare	Article by orthopedic surgeon Dr. Dave Janda criticizes the ObamaCare Plan as “fascist.”	Dr. Dave Janda – The One Word to Describe Obamacare
vclaim-sno-the-origin-of-aids	AIDS was created by the CIA.	AIDS Created by the CIA?
vclaim-sno-the-origins-of-policing-in-the-united-states	The modern policing system in the United States originated from patrols intended to corral escaped slaves.	The Origins of Policing in the United States
vclaim-sno-the-oz-files	The name of the make-believe land featured in L. Frank Baum’s series of	Etymology of ‘Oz’
vclaim-sno-the-paper-chase-2	A journalism professor who promises at the beginning of the semester that he will never give an unannounced test surprises his class one day with a pop quiz. Over the students' protests, the instructor points out that he had run an ad in that morning's local paper announcing the test.	Pop Quiz Announced in Paper
vclaim-sno-the-paradox-of-our-time	"A widely-circulated essay known as ""The Paradox of Our Time"" was penned by George Carlin."	Did George Carlin Pen ‘The Paradox of Our Time’?
vclaim-sno-the-parrot-served-with-carrots	A loving son who gives his mother an expensive talking bird is horrified to discover she ate it for dinner.	Eaten Parrot
vclaim-sno-the-pasteboard-jungle	Various superstitions associated with playing cards.	Playing Card Superstitions
vclaim-sno-the-philadelphia-experiment	Photograph shows a “radioactive”-looking sinkhole in Philadelphia.	'Radioactive' Sinkhole in Philadelphia
vclaim-sno-the-physics-of-santa-and-his-reindeer	Article describes the physics involved in Santa's delivering presents all over the world.	The Physics of Santa and His Reindeer
vclaim-sno-the-pit-and-the-pentothal	Dr. Laura Schlessinger adopted ten pitbulls from a shelter and immediately had them euthanized.	Radio Host Dr. Laura Adopts Ten Pitbulls, Immediately Has Them Euthanized
vclaim-sno-the-pizzagate-survivor	"A video shows a ""Pizzagate"" survivor recounting her story of sexual abuse."	The Pizzagate Survivor
vclaim-sno-the-plane-truth-2	The actual plane used in the film Casablanca is now part of The Great Movie Ride attraction at Walt Disney World's Disney-MGM Studios theme park.	Casablanca Plane in Great Movie Ride
vclaim-sno-the-pocketed-watch	A professor does battle to retrieve his watch from a thief	Stolen Watch
vclaim-sno-the-president-without-a-country	Editorial by entertainer Pat Boone criticizes President Obama for not sufficiently acknowledging America’s Christian heritage.	Pat Boone – The President Without a Country
vclaim-sno-the-press-and-paula-deen	Country singer Charlie Daniels authored an opinion piece about press coverage of the Paula Deen racial controversy.	Charlie Daniels — The Press and Paula Deen
vclaim-sno-the-price-they-paid	An essay outlines the fates of the signers of the Declaration of Independence.	The Price They Paid
vclaim-sno-the-privilege-of-ladies	"Custom allows marriage-minded women to propose to their boyfriends on Feb. 29 (""leap day"")."	‘Leap Day’ Proposal
vclaim-sno-the-promiscuous-cheerleader	A cheerleader performs a sexual favor on the members of one of her school’s sports teams, then is rushed to a hospital where doctors pump her stomach free of an astonishing amount of semen.	The Promiscuous Cheerleader
vclaim-sno-the-rattletrap	Car owner discovers the source of an annoyingly persistent rattle to have been an act of sabotage on the part of a disgruntled auto worker.	Car Sabotaged on Assembly Line Legend
vclaim-sno-the-real-cindy-crawford	An unretouched photograph of Cindy Crawford will be published in the April 2015 issue of	The Real Cindy Crawford
vclaim-sno-the-real-mccoy	The “real McCoy” refers to a type of automatic oiler invented by a black man.	Etymology of ‘the Real McCoy’
vclaim-sno-the-real-mitt-romney	Item presents information about the “real” Mitt Romney.	The Real Mitt Romney
vclaim-sno-the-reich-stuff	Fanta was invented by the Nazis.	Fanta and the Nazis
vclaim-sno-the-rescuers-topless	A hidden image of a topless woman appears in the home video version of Disney's 'The Rescuers.'	Did a Topless Woman Appear in Disney’s ‘The Rescuers’?
vclaim-sno-the-right-to-keep-and-share-arms	Facebook is disclosing the names of users who have posed for pictures with guns to the Department of Homeland Security.	Facebook Submits Names of Users Posing in Pictures with Guns to Homeland Security
vclaim-sno-the-ring-of-truth	President Obama stopped wearing his wedding ring and wristwatch in observance of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.	President Obama Not Wearing Ring, Wristwatch for Islamic Holy Month
vclaim-sno-the-road-hog	One motorist’s attempt to alert another to an upcoming traffic hazard is taken as a personal insult.	Pig in the Road
vclaim-sno-the-robinson-factor	Edward G. Robinson personally funded the French Resistance in World	Edward G. Robinson Aided the French Resistance
vclaim-sno-the-rock-running-for-president	"Dwayne ""The Rock"" Johnson has announced a presidential bid."	Is ‘The Rock’ Running for President?
vclaim-sno-the-rolling-stones-rice-krispies-jingle	The Rolling Stones recorded a jingle for Rice Krispies in 1964.	The Rolling Stones’ Rice Krispies Jingle
vclaim-sno-the-roommates-death	Two roommates remain at their deserted college dormitory over a holiday break. One of the girls goes out on a date that evening, and the other one turns in and goes to bed before her roommate returns. Later that night the sleeping girl is awakened by gurgling and scratching noises coming from outside the hallway door. Frightened, she locks the door and cowers inside the room until morning. When the girl finally opens the door and ventures outside, she discovers the bloody corpse of her roommate in the hallway. The murdered girl’s throat had been slit, and she had bled to death in the hallway while clawing at the door.	The Roommate’s Death
vclaim-sno-the-rose	Wartime penpals arrange to meet at Grand Central Station: he will know her by the rose in her lapel, and she will know him by how he reacts to it.	The Rose
vclaim-sno-the-salami-slicer	Zero Population Growth terrorists are boobytrapping men’s toilers with razors.	Toilets Boobytrapped by Zero Population Growth Terrorists?
vclaim-sno-the-salami-technique	A bank employee embezzled a large sum by stealing small amounts of money from many different accounts.	The Salami Embezzlement Technique
vclaim-sno-the-saltpeter-principle	The U.S. Army secretly feeds new recruits saltpeter in order to suppress their sexual urges.	Saltpeter in the Military
vclaim-sno-the-sandpiper	Dying child leaves a drawing of a sandpiper for a curmudgeon she met on the beach.	The Sandpiper
vclaim-sno-the-screw	Phil Spector deliberately recorded a unreleasable song called 'The Screw' in order to cheat his former partner out of court-ordered royalty payments.	Did Phil Spector Record an Unreleasable Song to ‘Screw’ His Former Partner?
vclaim-sno-the-secret-language-of-sneakers	Old running shoes hanging from trees and power lines are 'gang signs.'	Do Sneakers Hanging from Power Lines Carry a Secret Message?
vclaim-sno-the-secret-words	Groucho Marx made a risqué wisecrack about his cigar to a female You Bet Your Life contestant with 19 children.	The Secret Words
vclaim-sno-the-self-signaling-swag	Crooks are fingered by the electronic locators contained in items they steal.	The Self-Signaling Swag
vclaim-sno-the-seven-year-bitch	Family dog leads wife to the home of her husband's mistress.	Did a Dog Lead Its Owner to Her Husband’s Mistress?
vclaim-sno-the-seven-year-glitch	Chewing gum takes seven years to pass through the human digestive system.	Does Chewing Gum Take Seven Years to Digest?
vclaim-sno-the-shirt-off-his-back	Sales of men’s undershirts declined  sharply after actor Clark Gable appeared bare-chested in the 1934 film	Clark Gable and Undershirt Sales
vclaim-sno-the-sig-files	SigAlerts, the Los Angeles advisories of severe traffic conditions, were named after radio executive Loyd Sigmon.	Sig Alert Origin
vclaim-sno-the-soldiers-night-before-christmas	A U.S. serviceman wrote a poem describing a soldier's lonely night before Christmas.	The Soldier’s Night Before Christmas
vclaim-sno-the-sopranos-ii	Val Kilmer will star as Tony Soprano in a remake of the hit HBO show	Sopranos Remake Begins Production, Cast Revealed
vclaim-sno-the-sorcerers-apprentice	"An episode of 'Alfred Hitchcock Presents' was suppressed for being ""too horrifying."""	The Sorcerer’s Apprentice
vclaim-sno-the-sound-of-apocalypse	Videos have captured strange apocalyptic sounds coming from the sky all around the world.	The Sound of Apocalypse
vclaim-sno-the-squad-dresses	"U.S. legislators who are members of ""the Squad"" posed for a picture wearing swastika dresses in January 2021."	No, ‘The Squad’ Didn’t Pose Wearing Swastika Dresses
vclaim-sno-the-stick-up	A woman in UK was jabbed with an unknown substance by a panhandler.	UK Needle Attack
vclaim-sno-the-strange-case-of-time-traveling-rudolph-fentz	A man named Rudolph Fentz who had mysteriously disappeared 74 years earlier turned up alive in Times Square in 1950.	The Strange Case of Time Traveling Rudolph Fentz
vclaim-sno-the-swim-test	University implements mandatory swim tests at the behest of a wealthy benefactor whose own child had drowned.	The Swim Test
vclaim-sno-the-taxi-ride	Account describes a cab driver taking an elderly woman to a hospice on the last ride of her life.	The Cab Ride
vclaim-sno-the-tell-tale-swab	Students in a biology class are asked to take scrapings from the insides of their cheeks and examine them under microscopes.  One student’s cheek scraping reveals the presence of a sperm cell.	Sperm Cheek Swab
vclaim-sno-the-ten-percent-myth	We use only ten percent of our brains.	Do We Only Use Ten Percent of our Brains?
vclaim-sno-the-ten-ten-tenet	Clocks and watches pictured in advertisements display a time of 10:10 in commemoration of the time of Abraham Lincoln’s death.	Clock Hands at 10:10
vclaim-sno-the-terminated-contractor	Wife of dead contractor brings him to work, then asserts company must pay for his time on the job.	Dead Contractor Reports to Work
vclaim-sno-the-texas-giants-photo	A photograph shows 'The Texas Giants,' four brothers who were all nearly 8 feet tall.	Height of the Texas Giants
vclaim-sno-the-three-little-molesters	Costumed cast members have been accused of molesting Disney theme park guests.	Have Disney Character Actors Molested Park Guests?
vclaim-sno-the-ticket-taker	Stolen car is returned with theatre tickets inside to lure away the owners while their home is burgled.	Theater Ticket Lure
vclaim-sno-the-tipping-point	Oprah Winfrey said that restaurant customers need not tip their servers more than 10%..	Oprah Ten Percent Tip Advice
vclaim-sno-the-tragic-life-experiences-of-dallas-police-chief-david-brown	Dallas Police Chief David Brown lost a son, brother, and work partner to gun violence.	The Tragic Life Experiences of Dallas Police Chief David Brown
vclaim-sno-the-truck-sold-around-the-world	A photograph shows a Texas plumbing company's truck in the hands of a militant group in Syria.	A Texas Plumber’s Truck Lands in Syria
vclaim-sno-the-truman-faux	President Harry S. Truman in 1945 described political correctness as “a doctrine fostered by a delusional, illogical minority.”	Harry S. Truman on Political Correctness
vclaim-sno-the-truth-about-anwr	E-mail reports the truth about the environmental impact of drilling for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR)	The Truth About ANWR
vclaim-sno-the-uggly-truth	Ugg boots are made from sheepskin.	Are Ugg Boots Made from Sheepskin?
vclaim-sno-the-ultimate-fruitcake-recipe	Narrative provides instructions for concocting the ultimate fruitcake.	The Ultimate Fruitcake Recipe
vclaim-sno-the-ungobbled-gobbler	The presidential practice of pardoning a live turkey before Thanksgiving originated with President Harry Truman in 1947.	Did the Thanksgiving Turkey Pardon Begin with President Truman?
vclaim-sno-the-unkillable-gopher	In the process of attempting to get rid of a gopher, a trio of school custodians blew up their shack. Though all three janitors were carried out on stretchers, the gopher returned to the wild unscathed.	The Unkillable Gopher
vclaim-sno-the-unkindest-cut	Thieves lie in wait under victims’ cars, then render their victims helpless by slashing their ankles.	Slasher Under the Car
vclaim-sno-the-unknown-soldiers	Sentries guarding the Tomb of the Unknowns remained at their posts through Hurricane Isabel.	The Unknown Soldiers
vclaim-sno-the-unsolvable-math-problem	A student mistook examples of unsolved statistics problems for  a homework assignment and solved them.	The Unsolvable Math Problem
vclaim-sno-the-vanishing-hitchhiker	A man turns to bid his unusual hitchhiker goodbye and discovers that she has disappeared from the car. He later learns that his mysterious passenger had died several years earlier.	The Vanishing Hitchhiker
vclaim-sno-the-vanishing-prophet	Hitchhiker utters prophecy about Judgment Day being upon us, then vanishes.	Prophetic Vanishing Hitchhiker
vclaim-sno-the-view-iss-beautiful	Photograph shows a view of a solar eclipse taken from the International Space Station.	Solar Eclipse Viewed from the International Space Station
vclaim-sno-the-village-idiot	"In 1555 Nostradamus predicted that December 2000 would see ""the village idiot will come forth to be acclaimed the leader in the home of greatest power."""	Did Nostradamus Predict George W. Bush’s Election?
vclaim-sno-the-war-at-home	A recently uncovered ISIS plot suggests that the group has plans to seek and slaughter American servicemen after finding their home addresses online.	ISIS to Slaughter U.S. Military at Home?
vclaim-sno-the-weed-whacker	The DEA has been erecting billboards announcing an upcoming crackdown on the drug supply.	‘Dry Now’ Billboards
vclaim-sno-the-well-spent-buck	1940s ads for Springmaid sheets used sexual double entendres.	Springmaid Sheets Advertisement
vclaim-sno-the-well-to-hell	Scientists drilling in Siberia went too far and ended up punching a hole through to Hell, where the screams of the damned drifted up to them.	The Well to Hell
vclaim-sno-the-white-guy	“Of course I’ll win, I’m the white guy,” said Mitt Romney.	The White Guy
vclaim-sno-the-whole-nine-yards	The phrase “the whole nine yards” began as a reference to the contents a cement mixer.	‘The Whole Nine Yards’ Etymology
vclaim-sno-the-whoreified-response	Professor makes snappy comeback to female students who protest his chauvinism.	Shortage of Prostitutes
vclaim-sno-the-why	Images show a distinctive	The WHY
vclaim-sno-the-wire	"Democratic 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden wore a ""wire"" and high-tech contact lenses that allowed him to receive talking points from an unseen third party during the first presidential debate."	No, Biden Didn’t Wear a ‘Wire’ or ‘Smart’ Contact Lenses During 1st Debate
vclaim-sno-the-woods-jupiter	Tiger Woods named his restaurant “The Woods Jupiter” because Nike legally owns the rights to his name.	Nikes Owns the Rights to Tiger Woods’ Name?
vclaim-sno-the-woolworth-card	The number on a sample Social Security card distributed in wallets sold through Woolworth stores was used by thousands of people.	The Woolworth Social Security Card
vclaim-sno-the-worlds-best-ant-poison	The artificial sweetener aspartame was originally developed as an ant poison.	Was Aspartame Invented As an Ant Poison?
vclaim-sno-the-wrath-of-grapes	The title of the John Steinbeck novel	‘Grapes of Wrath’ Japanese Mistranslation
vclaim-sno-the-write-stuff	NASA spent millions of dollars developing an 'astronaut pen' that would work in outer space, while the Soviets fixed the problem much more cheaply and quickly by using pencils.	NASA’s ‘Astronaut Pen’
vclaim-sno-the-writhing-weave	Weave made from dead person’s hair causes worms to grow in recipient’s scalp.	Hair Weave Worms
vclaim-sno-the-wrong-rest-stop	A runaway truck careering down a steep hill turns off onto an emergency exit ramp, only to run a over a picnicking family who had mistaken the safety ramp for a rest stop.	Rest Stop Fatality
vclaim-sno-the-young-family	Photograph shows a rare, recently discovered trans-species of human-dog hybrid.	The Young Family
vclaim-sno-theodore-roosevelt-mississippi-postmaster	Theodore Roosevelt closed the post office in Indianola, Mississippi, in 1903 and rerouted local mail after townspeople forced local postmaster Minnie Cox out because she was black.	Did Theodore Roosevelt ‘Punish’ a Mississippi City for Forcing Out a Black Postmaster?
vclaim-sno-theodore-roosevelt-on-criticizing-the-president	"Theodore Roosevelt said that speaking out against criticism of the President ""is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public."""	Theodore Roosevelt on Criticizing the President
vclaim-sno-theofficialproudboys-redirect	In late October 2020, the URL theofficialproudboys.com automatically redirected to the official website for the reelection campaign of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Did TheOfficialProudBoys.Com Redirect to Trump’s Campaign Site?
vclaim-sno-theresa-may-adopt-children	British Prime Minister Theresa May said pedophiles should be allowed to adopt children.	Did Theresa May Say Pedophiles Should Be Allowed to Adopt Children?
vclaim-sno-theresa-may-cancels-next-general-election	UK prime minister Theresa May canceled the next general election because she doesn't think she will win.	Did Theresa May Cancel the Next General Election Because She Doesn’t Think She’ll Win?
vclaim-sno-thermometer-testing	Rectal thermometers are 'personally tested' in the very same way that consumers use them.	Is Every Rectal Thermometer ‘Personally Tested’?
vclaim-sno-these-things-i-wish-for-you	Paul Harvey essay provides a list of things he wished for his listeners.	Paul Harvey — These Things I Wish for You
vclaim-sno-thick-talk	Shaving makes your hair grow back thicker, faster, and fuller.	Does Shaving Hair Make It Grow Back Thicker?
vclaim-sno-thierry-mairot	A person named Thierry Mairot is attempting to engage children in sexual conversations via Facebook.	Thierry Mairot
vclaim-sno-thieves-masks-hoax	Thieves are exploiting the coronavirus pandemic by dousing masks in chemicals that render people unconscious and then robbing them.	Are Thieves Handing Out Masks With Chemicals That Make You Pass Out?
vclaim-sno-thieves-search-christmas-trash	Thieves select homes to break into after Christmas by taking note of boxes curbed as trash or recycling.	Do Thieves Use Trash to Case Homes for Expensive Christmas Presents?
vclaim-sno-thing-cheese-incident	Kraft cheese won’t ever melt, even at high temperatures.	Kraft Cheese Won’t Melt?
vclaim-sno-think-unpink	A cannery stuck with unmarketable pale salmon turned this handicap around by boldly labeling their product as “Guaranteed not to turn pink in the can!”	Guaranteed not to Turn Pink in the Can
vclaim-sno-thinking-about-sex	On average, men think about sex every seven seconds.	Do Men Think About Sex Every Seven Seconds?
vclaim-sno-third-apple-cofounder	Ron Wayne was a third Apple co-founder, who in 1976 sold his 10% share in the company for $800	Third Apple Co-Founder Sold Share Now Worth Billions for $800
vclaim-sno-third-grade-trump-hat	An elementary school in Fresno, California, forced a third-grader to remove a cap bearing Donald Trump's campaign slogan.	Third Grade Student Says School Made Him Remove Trump Hat
vclaim-sno-this-island-google-earth	Google Earth helped locate a woman who had been stranded on an island for years.	Google Earth Discovers Woman Trapped on Desert Island for Years?
vclaim-sno-this-one39s-on-clooney	George Clooney has an open tab at Chipotle that anyone can use to get a free burrito.	This One's on Clooney
vclaim-sno-thomas-crapper	A man named Thomas Crapper invented the flush toilet.	Thomas Crapper: Inventor of the Flush Toilet?
vclaim-sno-thomas-edisons-mom-lied-about-a-letter-expelling-her-son-from-school	Thomas Edison’s mother lied about the contents of a letter from her son’s school informing her that the school had expelled him for “mental deficiencies.”	Did Thomas Edison’s Mother Lie About a Letter Expelling Him from School?
vclaim-sno-thomas-jefferson-gun-quote	"Thomas Jefferson wrote that ""the strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms"" is to ""protect themselves against tyranny in government."""	Thomas Jefferson on Gun Rights
vclaim-sno-thomas-jefferson-speech-condemns-free-press	"Thomas Jefferson said ""When the speech condemns a free press, you are hearing the words of a tyrant."""	Did Thomas Jefferson Say ‘When the Speech Condemns a Free Press, You Are Hearing the Words of a Tyrant’?
vclaim-sno-thomas-jefferson-tree-of-liberty	"Thomas Jefferson once said that ""the tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."""	Did Thomas Jefferson Say the Tree of Liberty Must Be Refreshed ‘With the Blood of Patriots and Tyrants’?
vclaim-sno-thomas-sowell	Various Internet-circulated items about the 2008 U.S. presidential election were written by Thomas Sowell.	Thomas Sowell
vclaim-sno-thousands-muslims-leave-united-states-trumps-election	Thousands of Muslims voluntarily left the United States after Donald Trump was elected president.	Did Thousands of Muslims Leave the United States After Trump’s Election?
vclaim-sno-thousands-white-teens-brawled-mall-nobody-arrested	No arrests were made after thousands of young people got into a massive brawl at a Kentucky mall because everyone involved was white.	Thousands of White Teens Brawled at a Mall and Nobody Was Arrested?
vclaim-sno-thr-nazis-1937	The Hollywood Reporter published a column in 1937 criticizing actors for speaking out against Nazi Germany.	Did the Hollywood Reporter Criticize Actors Who Opposed Nazi Germany in 1937?
vclaim-sno-threading-the-needle	A motorcyclist comes to an untimely end when he chooses to “thread the needle” by driving between two oncoming bikes.	Motorcyle Drives Between Headlights
vclaim-sno-three-countries-issue-travel-warnings-about-the-united-states	Three countries issued travel warnings to their citizens about visits to the United States.	Three Countries Issue Travel Warnings About the United States
vclaim-sno-three-men-and-a-ghost	The ghostly image of a boy who died in the home where Three Men and a Baby was filmed can be seen in the finished movie.	Does a Ghost Boy Appear in ‘Three Men and a Baby’?
vclaim-sno-three-million-votes-in-presidential-election-cast-by-illegal-aliens	Three million non-citzens voted illegally in the 2016 presidential election.	Three Million Votes in Presidential Election Cast by ‘Illegal Aliens’?
vclaim-sno-three-sharks-filmed-in-miami-flood-waters-after-hurricane-irma	A video shows three sharks in an area of Miami, Florida that was flooded by Hurricane Irma.	Were Three Sharks Filmed in Miami Flood Waters After Hurricane Irma?
vclaim-sno-three-simple-tests-detect-stroke	Administering three simple tests will help diagnose a stroke, and pricking a stroke victim's fingers will prevent further harm from the cerebral attack.	Three Simple Tests to Detect a Stroke
vclaim-sno-three-square-market-microchip	In July 2017, Three Square Market announced it was offering employees the option of having a microchip implanted in their hands.	Is a Wisconsin Company Offering to Microchip its Employees?
vclaim-sno-three-stooges-halftime-super-bowl	The Three Stooges performed during the first Super Bowl halftime show.	Did The Three Stooges Perform During First Super Bowl Halftime Show?
vclaim-sno-three-syrian-refugees-assault-5-year-old-girl-at-knifepoint	Three Syrian refugees raped and murdered a 5-year-old girl at knifepoint in Idaho.	Three Syrian Refugees Assault 5-Year-Old Girl at Knifepoint?
vclaim-sno-three-wisconsin-counties-admit-they-padded-votes-for-trump	Three Wisconsin counties admit to fixing the vote in favor of Donald Trump.	Three Wisconsin Counties ‘Admit’ They Padded Votes for Trump?
vclaim-sno-three-wise-men	The Bible says that three wise men traveled from afar on camels to visit the infant Jesus as he lay in the manger.	Three Wise Men
vclaim-sno-threes-a-shroud	Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, and Michael Jackson all appeared on the	Three Celebrity Deaths
vclaim-sno-thriller	Michael Jackson’s phone number was hidden in the	Michael Jackson Phone Number Hidden on ‘Thriller’ Album?
vclaim-sno-throwback	Super Bowl quarterback was formerly a foreign soldier who could toss grenades well.	Grenade-Throwing Quarterback
vclaim-sno-thugs-shoot-baby-in-face	Two 'racist' Black teenagers shot and killed a white infant 'for the fun of it.'	Did ‘Racist Black Thugs Shoot a White Baby in the Face for the Fun of It’?
vclaim-sno-thumb-print	Photograph shows a Ron Paul supporter sneaking a message into a photograph with Barack Obama.	Vote Ron Paul
vclaim-sno-thunberg-actress-estella-renee	Teenage environmental activist Greta Thunberg is actually an Australian actress named Estella Renee.	Is Greta Thunberg Really an Actress Named Estella Renee?
vclaim-sno-thunberg-highest-paid-activist	"Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg was named the ""highest paid activist"" by People With Money magazine."	Is Greta Thunberg the ‘Highest Paid Activist’?
vclaim-sno-thyroid-guards	Patients should request the use of thyroid guards during x-ray procedures.to head off thyroid cancer.	Should Patients Request Thyroid Guards During X-Rays to Prevent Thyroid Cancer?
vclaim-sno-ti-daughter-virginity-test	Rapper T.I. said in an interview that he takes his daughter to the gynecologist yearly to ensure she's still a virgin.	Did Rapper T.I. Say He Takes His Daughter to a Doc to Check Her Virginity?
vclaim-sno-tick-causes-meat-allergy	The bite of a rare breed of tick most commonly called the lone star tick can cause itching, stomach cramps, breathing difficulties, and an allergic reaction to red meat.	Can the Bite of a ‘Reverse Zombie’ Tick Make You Allergic to Red Meat?
vclaim-sno-tick-eggs-photograph	A photograph shows a clump of tick eggs found along an outdoor path.	Is This a Photograph of Tick Eggs?
vclaim-sno-ticketmaster-class-action-free-ticket-giveaway	Many Ticketmaster customers are eligible for free concert tickets under the terms of a class action settlement.	Ticketmaster Class Action Free Ticket Giveaway
vclaim-sno-ticketmaster-negative-covid-test	In November 2020, Ticketmaster announced that it planned to require event attendees to verify that they have tested negative for the novel coronavirus within a 72-hour time frame.	Will Ticketmaster Require Event Attendees To Provide Proof of Negative COVID-19 Test?
vclaim-sno-tide-discontinuing-pods	The Tide Challenge has caused the company to discontinue the sale of their PODs laundry product.	Is Tide Discontinuing Their PODS Product Because Consumers Eat Them?
vclaim-sno-tide-of-thefts	U.S. stores are experiencing a rash of thefts of Tide brand laundry detergent.	Tide Detergent Thefts
vclaim-sno-tide-pod-challenge	"The ""Tide pod challenge"" is a real viral phenomenon whereby people bite into Tide brand laundry detergent pods."	Is the ‘Tide Pod Challenge’ a Real Thing?
vclaim-sno-tidy-cats-breathing-problems	Tidy Cats Lightweight brand cat litter causes breathing problems in cats.	Does Tidy Cat Litter Cause Breathing Problems in Cats?
vclaim-sno-tiffany-chokers-slave-collars	An image depicts a Tiffany-made slave collar on display at the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C.	Did Tiffany Chokers Originate as Slave Collars?
vclaim-sno-tiger-and-piglets	A mother tiger at a California zoo nursed a group of piglets after her own cubs died.	Do These Photographs Show a Tiger Nursing Piglets?
vclaim-sno-tiger-beat	Japanese scientists have successfully cloned a saber-tooth tiger.	Scientists in Japan Clone 98% Pure Saber-Tooth Tiger
vclaim-sno-tiger-by-the-tale	E-mailed account tells the real story of Tiger Woods’ auto accident.	Tiger Woods’ Plastic Surgery
vclaim-sno-tiger-with-down-syndrome	Photographs show a white tiger with Down syndrome.	Tiger with Down Syndrome?
vclaim-sno-tiger-woods-dui	Tiger Woods was arrested on suspicion of DUI in 2017.	Was Tiger Woods Ever Arrested on Suspicion of DUI ?
vclaim-sno-tiger-woods-inaugural-speech	As part of the 2009 pre-inaugural festivities, Tiger Woods gave a speech in thanks of the military.	Tiger Woods Inaugural Speech
vclaim-sno-tiger-woods-net-worth	Tiger Woods has a greater net worth than any professional sports figure in the world.	Is Tiger Woods’ Net Worth the Greatest of All Pro Athletes?
vclaim-sno-tiger-woods-paternity	In the autumn of 2017, a Florida judge ordered golfer Tiger Woods to undergo 137 paternity tests.	Was Tiger Woods Ordered to Take 137 Paternity Tests?
vclaim-sno-tiger-woods-previous-car-crashes	Golf champion Tiger Woods has had other vehicle crashes prior to the one in late February 2021.	Has Tiger Woods Been in Previous Vehicle Crashes?
vclaim-sno-tijuana-transfer	ISIS members are operating a camp near El Paso and have been arrested trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.	Is ISIS on the U.S.-Mexican Border?
vclaim-sno-tiktok-oh-no-song	"""Remember (Walking in the Sand),"" known on the TikTok platform as the ""Oh No"" song, was recorded by Aerosmith."	Was the TikTok ‘Oh No’ Song by Aerosmith?
vclaim-sno-tiktok-zombies-finland	"A TikTok video showed the discovery of ""zombies"" in images on Google Earth."	No, a TikTok Video Did Not Reveal ‘Zombies’ on Google Earth
vclaim-sno-tilapia-consumption	Eating farm-raised tilapia and other fish from China is dangerous.	Is Farm-Raised Tilapia from China Dangerous to Eat?
vclaim-sno-tilapia-mutant-fish	"Tilapia is a boneless, skinless, ""mutant"" fish that is full of cancer-causing dioxins, is worse to eat than bacon or hamburger, and is killing our families."	Is Tilapia a Boneless, Skinless ‘Mutant’ Fish That Is Unsafe to Eat?
vclaim-sno-tim-allen-cancelled-political-views	The Tim Allen show 'Last Man Standing' was cancelled due to the star's political beliefs.	Tim Allen Show ‘Last Man Standing’ Cancelled for Political Reasons?
vclaim-sno-tim-allen-liberals-facebook	The comedian and actor Tim Allen wrote a lengthy Facebook post that attacked liberals and Democratic politicians and was shared widely in August 2019.	Did Comedian Tim Allen Write a Viral Facebook Attack on Democrats?
vclaim-sno-tim-allen-mug-shot	A mug shot from 1978 shows actor Tim Allen after he was arrested on a cocaine charge.	Is This a Mug Shot of Tim Allen After a Cocaine Arrest?
vclaim-sno-tim-allen-podcast-quote	"Tim Allen said that he ""kind of liked"" that former U.S. President Donald Trump ""pissed people off."""	Did Tim Allen Say He ‘Kind of Liked’ That Trump ‘Pissed People Off’?
vclaim-sno-tim-hortons-adding-marijuana-menu	Tim Hortons will add marijuana to its menu in 2017.	Tim Hortons Adding Marijuana to Their Menu
vclaim-sno-tim-hortons-hears-a-who	To celebrate its birthday, Tim Hortons chain of donut shops is giving away free gift cards.	Free Tim Hortons Gift Card Scam
vclaim-sno-tim-hortons-removes-pork-to-appease-muslims	Canadian chain Tim Hortons is removing pork from its menu to appease offended Muslim customers.	Tim Hortons Removes Pork to Appease Muslims
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-ban-catholic-church	Tim Kaine threatened to ban the Catholic Church from the United States if they didn't change their stance on gay marriage.	Tim Kaine: ‘The Catholic Church Will Change Its Same-Sex Marriage Stance or It Will Be Banned from the U.S.’
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-blamed-guns-for-knife-attack	"Sen. Tim Kaine responded to news of a machete attack at Ohio State University by tweeting that he was deeply saddened by the senseless act of ""gun violence."""	Tim Kaine Blamed ‘Gun Violence’ for Ohio State Knife Attack?
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-blue-star-pin	Tim Kaine wore a communist flag pin during the Democratic National Convention.	Tim Kaine Wears Communist Flag Pin at DNC
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-dnc-deal	Hillary Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine stepped aside as DNC chair in 2011 to allow Clinton supporter Debbie Wasserman Schultz to take the job spot in exchange for a slot on the 2016 ticket; in October 2016,	Tim Kaine Made DNC Vice Presidential Deal with Hillary Clinton in 2011
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-fired-police-chaplains	As Governor of Virginia, Tim Kaine fired five state police chaplains for praying in Jesus' name.	Tim Kaine Fired 5 State Police Chaplains for Praying in Jesus’ Name?
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-open-marriage	Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine admitted on Twitter to having an open marriage.	Tim Kaine Admits to Open Marriage on Twitter
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-ties-to-islamists	Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine has ties to well-known Islamist groups.	Tim Kaine’s Ties to Islamists
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-white-people-minority	Tim Kaine said Caucasians must become a minority to atone for racism and oppression suffered by blacks.	Tim Kaine: ‘Whites Must Become a Minority’
vclaim-sno-tim-kaine-yells-at-his-daughter	An audio recording captures Democratic VP candidate Tim Kaine yelling at his young daughter.	Tim Kaine Yells at His Daughter
vclaim-sno-tim-tebow-kneel-anthem	Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow knelt on the field during the national anthem as a protest against abortion.	Did Tim Tebow Kneel During the National Anthem in Protest of Abortion?
vclaim-sno-tim-tebow-tweet	NFL quarterback Tim Tebow issued a Tweet about the 2012 election results.	Tim Tebow Tweet
vclaim-sno-tim-tebow	Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow was born when his mother declined to undergo an abortion after experiencing a life-threatening illness during her pregnancy.	Was Tim Tebow Born After His Mother Refused an Abortion?
vclaim-sno-timberlake-mandatory-vaccination-schedules	Justin Timberlake said that “The whole concept of mandatory vaccination schedules is un-American.”	Did Justin Timberlake Say ‘Mandatory Vaccination Schedules Are Un-American’?
vclaim-sno-timberland-ceo-boots	Timberland's CEO said he doesn't want black people to wear Timberland boots.	Did Timberland’s CEO Say ‘I’d Rather Not See Blacks in My Boots’?
vclaim-sno-time-alone	Oscar Wilde said “it’s very healthy to spend time alone.”	Oscar Wilde on Time Alone
vclaim-sno-time-magazine-cover-global-cooling	A Time magazine cover from 1977 with the title “The Big Freeze” is an example of media fearmongering over  “global cooling” in the 1970s.	Is This Time Magazine Cover About ‘Global Cooling’?
vclaim-sno-time-magazine-cover-warnings	Time magazine covers from 2006 and 2017 highlighted articles warning about global warming and a pandemic.	Did Time Magazine Warn About Global Warming, Pandemic Years Ago?
vclaim-sno-time-perfect-body	A 1955 photograph from Time magazine depicts what was considered that era's 'perfect body.'	Was This Time Magazine’s Definition of a Perfect Body in 1955?
vclaim-sno-time-to-go-cover	"An image shows a Time magazine cover playing on the magazine's name by appending ""... to go"" to the word ""Time"" and showing U.S. President Donald Trump exiting through a doorway."	Is This a Real Time Magazine Cover: ‘Time to Go’?
vclaim-sno-time-traveling-hipster	A photograph from the 1940s shows an obviously out-of-place, time-traveling hipster.	Does a Photograph Capture a Time-Traveling Hipster?
vclaim-sno-time-traveling-hula-hooper-photograph	A time-traveler using a hula hoop appears in the background of a 1939 photograph.	Is this a Time-Traveling Hula Hooper?
vclaim-sno-time-warner-decline-cnn	Media giant Time Warner declined to renew CNN's contract.	Time Warner Cable Declines to Renew CNN’s Contract?
vclaim-sno-timeline-trump-covid19-responses	A list documents U.S. President Donald Trump's various statements about the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus disease.	Is This Timeline of Trump’s Coronavirus Responses Accurate?
vclaim-sno-timmy-gun	Country singer Tim McGraw is playing a concert to benefit an ‘anti-gun’ group.	Tim McGraw Is Playing an Anti-Gun Concert?
vclaim-sno-tinker-bell	The visual appearance of Tinker Bell in Disney's 1953 animated version of  Peter Pan was modeled after Marilyn Monroe.	Was Marilyn Monroe the Model for Disney’s Tinker Bell?
vclaim-sno-tiny-house-giveaway	You can win a free tiny house by liking and sharing a Facebook page and post.	Tiny House Giveaway Scam
vclaim-sno-tioga-hills-elementary-school-controversy	A hearing-impaired student at Tioga Hills Elementary School was physically disciplined by a teacher and sustained a dislocated shoulder as a result.	Tioga Hills Elementary School Controversy
vclaim-sno-tip-non-immigrants	"A restaurant customer named Jason Naglich wrote ""Tip for U.S. Citizens Only"" on his bill and stiffed his waitress."	Did a Restaurant Customer Leave an Anti-Immigration Note in Lieu of a Tip?
vclaim-sno-tipping-point	"During a House committee meeting, Rep. Hank Johnson said he feared that stationing 8,000 Marines on Guam would cause the island to ""become so overly populated that it will tip over and capsize."""	Guam Reaches the Tipping Point?
vclaim-sno-tips-for-pumping-gas	Four refueling tips help consumers get the most from their gasoline dollar.	Tips on Pumping Gas
vclaim-sno-tiptoe-through-the-tulips	The label on a 1995 can of Renuzit air freshener included a deliberately planted phallic image.	Penis on Renuzit Can
vclaim-sno-tire-sum-excuse	Students who offer a flat tire as an excuse for missing an exam are given a special make-up exam.	Which Tire?
vclaim-sno-tired-of-waiting-for-you	A man who couldn’t motivate police to investigate a break-in on his property reports that he had shot the burglars instead.	Response Time
vclaim-sno-titanic-2-return-of-jack-real	"A sequel to ""Titanic"" called ""Titanic 2: The Return of Jack"" is scheduled for release in 2020."	Is ‘Titanic 2: The Return of Jack’ a Real Movie?
vclaim-sno-titanic-in-japan	Satellite imagery used in Google Earth and Google Maps reveals a sunken ship in a port on a Japanese Island.	Does Google Earth Reveal a Sunken Ship in a Japanese Port?
vclaim-sno-titanic-pcp-chowder	"Dozens of people on the set of the film ""Titanic"" were sickened after eating seafood chowder that had been spiked with the drug PCP on the final day of shooting."	Were Cast and Crew on the Film ‘Titanic’ Sickened by PCP-Laced Seafood Chowder?
vclaim-sno-titanic-shocking-new-discovery	Divers exploring Titanic wreckage made a deeply shocking new discovery.	Divers Exploring Titanic Make ‘Deeply Shocking’ New Discovery?
vclaim-sno-titanic-survivors-dress-like-women	A man sneaked his way onto one of the Titanic's lifeboats by donning  women's dress.	Did a Male Titanic Passenger Pose as a Woman to Get on a Lifeboat?
vclaim-sno-titanic-truth-covered-up	The theory that a coal fire may have accelerated the sinking of the Titanic — along with supporting photographs presented in a 2017 documentary — had been covered up for decades.	Was the ‘Hidden Truth’ of Titanic ‘Covered Up for Decades’?
vclaim-sno-titanium-wedding-ring	Titanium rings can be removed from swollen fingers only through amputation.	Does Removing a Titanium Ring Require Amputation?
vclaim-sno-titanoboa	Photograph shows the skeleton of a monster snake known as a Titanoboa.	Titanoboa
vclaim-sno-tlaib-omar-muslim-holidays	U.S. Representatives Rashid Tlaib and Ilhan Omar co-sponsored legislation to recognize Muslim holidays as federal holidays.	Did Rashida Tlaib and Ilhan Omar Co-Sponsor a Bill to Recognize Muslim Holidays as Federal Holidays?
vclaim-sno-tlaib-pledge-of-allegiance-ban	In mid-2019, U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib announced the introduction of a new law that banned the recital of the Pledge of Allegiance in Michigan.	Did US Rep. Tlaib Announce Pledge of Allegiance Was Banned in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-tlaibs-son-arrested-christmas-tree	U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib's son was arrested on suspicion of setting fire to a municipal Christmas tree.	Was US Rep. Rashida Tlaib’s Son Arrested For Setting Fire To City Hall Christmas Tree?
vclaim-sno-tnt-car-club-gang-initiation	Members of the TNT Car Club are running over motorcycle riders as part of a gang initiation.	TNT Car Club Gang Initiation
vclaim-sno-to-bigotry-no-sanction-2	George Washington said that Jews were a dangerous scourge who should be “hunted down as pests.”	George Washington on Jews
vclaim-sno-to-bigotry-no-sanction	George Washington said that Jews were a dangerous scourge who should be “hunted down as pests.”	George Washington on Jews
vclaim-sno-to-conquer-a-nation	"Adolf Hitler once said, ""To conquer a nation, you must first disarm its citizens."""	Adolf Hitler – To Conquer a Nation
vclaim-sno-to-dell-and-back	Dell Hospital will contribute money towards the medical care of a 5-year-old rape victim every time a message is shared.	Dell Hospital Facebook Appeal
vclaim-sno-to-halal-and-back	Halal meat sold in the U.S. is commonly produced in conditions of filth and uncleanliness.	Halal Meat
vclaim-sno-to-patience-no-quarter	Actress Meryl Streep originated a statement about no longer having patience for things that displease her.	Meryl Streep on Patience
vclaim-sno-tobacco-enema-blow-smoke	"The phrase ""blow smoke up your ass"" comes from a pre-modern medical practice in which tobacco smoke is literally blown up a patient's ass."	Does the Phrase ‘Blow Smoke Up Your Ass’ Come From ‘Tobacco Enemas’?
vclaim-sno-today-i-met-an-angel	A patron paid the restaurant tab for seven different families and left his server a $1,500 tip at a Denny's.	Today I Met an Angel
vclaim-sno-toddler-cage-photo	A disturbing photograph depicts a small boy who was detained by ICE in 2018 being held in a cage.	Does This Photo Show a Toddler in a Cage Detained by ICE in 2018?
vclaim-sno-toddlers-killed-americans-terrorists	Toddlers killed more Americans than terrorists in 2015.	Toddlers Killed More Americans than Terrorists in 2015
vclaim-sno-toddlers-signs-profanities-protest	"Video shows young children saying ""Fuck the police"" and holding signs that read “Fuck the police” and “Eff Trump goons” during protests against police brutality in Portland, Oregon, in July 2020."	Does Video Show Toddlers Holding Profane Signs at Protest?
vclaim-sno-togo-rain-mystery-video	"A video shows a ""mysterious rain"" all falling in ""one spot."""	‘Rain Falling in One Spot’
vclaim-sno-toilet-licking-trump-protest	People have begun licking toilets as a form of protest against United States President Donald Trump.	Did People Start Licking Toilets as a Protest Against Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-toilet-paper-on-toilet-seat	Using toilet paper as a barrier between your derriere and a toilet seat poses more health risks than just sitting down without a barrier.	You Should Never Put Toilet Paper on a Toilet Seat?
vclaim-sno-tokyo-human-meat-restaurant	A new restaurant recently opened in Japan is the first in the world to legally offer human meat to diners.	Did Tokyo Open the First Human Meat Restaurant?
vclaim-sno-tokyo-set-off-fireworks-2020	A video shows a large fireworks display that was originally planned for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.	Did Tokyo Set Off Fireworks Meant for 2020 Olympics?
vclaim-sno-tom-and-jerry-committed-suicide	The final episode of Tom And Jerry ended with both characters committing suicide.	Did Tom and Jerry ‘Commit Suicide’?
vclaim-sno-tom-arnold-reports-racist-recordings-donald-trump	"Actor Tom Arnold has  unused footage from ""The Apprentice"" that captures racist utterances from Donald Trump."	Tom Arnold Reports Having ‘Racist Recordings’ of Donald Trump
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-bill-belichick-kiss	A photograph shows quarterback Tom Brady kissing New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick on the lips.	Did Tom Brady Kiss Bill Belichick on the Lips?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-brady-bunch	Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was once a cast member of 'The Brady Bunch' television series.	Was Tom Brady on ‘The Brady Bunch’?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-disney-world	"After Super Bowl LV on Feb. 7, 2021, Disney has paid Tom Brady to say a version of ""I'm going to Disney World"" or ""I'm going to Disneyland"" four times — the most of any professional athlete."	Does Tom Brady Hold Record for Getting Paid To Say ‘I’m Going to Disney World’?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-flip-off-nfl-commissioner	Tom Brady flashed his middle finger while being presented with the 2017 Super Bowl MVP trophy.	Did Patriots QB Tom Brady Flip Off the NFL Commissioner?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-if-anybody-kneels	"Tom Brady was recorded telling his teammates that national anthem protests were ""an act of treason"" and vowed, ""If anybody on this team kneels, I walk."""	Did Tom Brady Say ‘If Anybody on This Team Kneels, I Walk’?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-ppp	NFL star Tom Brady's company received a nearly $1 million loan from the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Tom Brady’s Company Get a PPP Loan?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-private-jet	Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady received a private jet as a gift.	Did Tom Brady Receive a Private Jet as a Gift?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-say-nba-finals-rigged	Tom Brady said that the NBA finals were rigged, and that the referees were taking bribes.	Did Tom Brady Say the NBA Finals Were Rigged?
vclaim-sno-tom-brady-witchcraft	"Tom Brady attributed his success as an NFL quarterback to the ""witchcraft"" of his wife, Gisele Bündchen."	Did NFL Champion Tom Brady Attribute His Success to Gisele Bündchen’s ‘Witchcraft’?
vclaim-sno-tom-cotton-army-ranger	Sen. Tom Cotton falsely claimed to have served as a U.S. Army Ranger in Afghanistan and Iraq.	Did Sen. Tom Cotton Falsely Claim To Have Been an ‘Army Ranger in Afghanistan and Iraq’?
vclaim-sno-tom-cotton-drug-testing	In January 2018, Senator Tom Cotton called for drug testing for Social Security recipients.	Did Senator Tom Cotton Call for Drug Testing for Social Security Recipients?
vclaim-sno-tom-cotton-ex-gay	"Sen. Tom Cotton said during an interview that he received ""gay conversion therapy."""	Did Senator Tom Cotton Announce He Is ‘Ex-Gay’?
vclaim-sno-tom-cotton-slavery-necessary-evil	"In July 2020, U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton criticized a school curriculum based on The New York Times' The 1619 project by saying of slavery, ""As the Founding Fathers said, it was the necessary evil upon which the union was built..."""	Did Sen. Cotton Say Slavery Was a ‘Necessary Evil’?
vclaim-sno-tom-cruise-comic-con	U.S. actor Tom Cruise was seen at San Diego Comic-Con 2019 driving around in a Ferrari.	Is This Tom Cruise in a Ferrari at San Diego Comic-Con?
vclaim-sno-tom-cruise-president	Actor Tom Cruise released a video announcing that he was running for U.S. president in 2020.	Is Tom Cruise Running for President?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-ankle-bracelet	"Tom Hanks was arrested for ""pedophilia"" in Australia, and fitted with an ankle bracelet to monitor his movements."	Was Tom Hanks Arrested in Australia and Fitted with an Ankle Bracelet?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-backs-donald-trump-for-president	Tom Hanks said in a television interview that he backs Donald Trump for president.	Tom Hanks Backs Donald Trump for President
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-diner-photos	Photographs show actor Tom Hanks posing with a drunk, passed-out customer in a diner.	Are These Real Photos of Tom Hanks at a Diner?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-father-sang-lead-diamonds	The father of actor Tom Hanks was the lead singer of the musical group The Diamonds.	Was Tom Hanks’ Father the Lead Singer of The Diamonds?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-movie-netflix	A new movie starring Tom Hanks was dominating Netflix in February 2021.	Is a New Movie Starring Tom Hanks ‘Dominating Netflix’?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-related-fred-rogers	"U.S. actor Tom Hanks is related to ""Mister Rogers' Neighborhood"" host Fred Rogers."	Is Actor Tom Hanks Related to Fred Rogers?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-t-shirt	A July 2017 Facebook post shows Tom Hanks wearing a t-shirt bearing a number of liberal slogans.	Tom Hanks Wears Political T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-tom-hanks-volleyball-coronavirus	Staff at Gold Coast Hospital in Australia rolled in a Wilson volleyball to keep Tom Hanks company in quarantine after he was diagnosed with the coronavirus.	Was Tom Hanks Given a Wilson Volleyball in Coronavirus Quarantine?
vclaim-sno-tom-price-cancer-patients	Tom Price said that it was 'better for our budget if cancer patients die more quickly.'	Did Tom Price Say It Is ‘Better for Our Budget If Cancer Patients Die More Quickly’?
vclaim-sno-tom-selleck-blue-bloods	"Tom Selleck offered some final words before ""leaving the stage forever"" and will never again star in the television show ""Blue Bloods."""	Did Tom Selleck Leave ‘Blue Bloods’ and Offer Some ‘Final Words’?
vclaim-sno-tom-selleck-cbd	Tom Selleck is a spokesperson for CBD oil products.	No, Tom Selleck Isn’t a Spokesman for CBD Oil Products
vclaim-sno-tom-selleck-rumors	"At age 75, Tom Selleck finally confirmed ""the rumors."""	No, Tom Selleck Did Not ‘Finally Confirm the Rumors’
vclaim-sno-tom-selleck-trump	Actor Tom Selleck has publicly endorsed U.S. President Donald Trump.	Is Tom Selleck a Trump Supporter?
vclaim-sno-tomato-pasted	A 911 call was initiated by a tomato.	Tomato Dials 911
vclaim-sno-tomatoes-fruits-vegetables	Tomatoes are officially considered fruits in the U.S.	Are Tomatoes Fruits or Vegetables?
vclaim-sno-tomi-lahren-biden-supporters-loot	Before the 2020 U.S. presidential election, conservative personality Tomi Lahren tweeted that then-Democratic candidate Joe Biden’s supporters would “loot and riot” if the former vice president lost.	Did Tomi Lahren Say Biden Supporters Would ‘Loot and Riot’ If He Lost Election?
vclaim-sno-tomi-lahren-little-mermaid	"Conservative political commentator Tomi Lahren said “Everyone knows mermaids are white, just like Santa and Jesus."""	Did Tomi Lahren Say “Everyone Knows Mermaids Are White, Just Like Santa and Jesus”?
vclaim-sno-tomi-lahren-mass-shooting-victims-god	Fox News personality Tomi Lahren said that people who die during mass shootings don't believe in God enough.	Did Tomi Lahren Say That Victims of Mass Shootings Don’t ‘Believe in God Enough’?
vclaim-sno-tomi-lahren-tear-gas	"Tomi Lahren said that watching children being hit with tear gas ""was the highlight” of her Thanksgiving weekend."	Did Tomi Lahren Say Children Getting Tear Gassed Was the “Highlight” of Her Thanksgiving?
vclaim-sno-tommy-hilfiger-oprah	Designer Tommy Hilfiger stated that blacks and Asians shouldn't wear his clothes.	Did Oprah Winfrey Throw Tommy Hilfiger Off Her Show for Making a Racist Comment?
vclaim-sno-tommy-lee-letter-to-trump	"Musician Tommy Lee wrote a letter to U.S. President Donald Trump that started ""Dear F*cking Lunatic."""	Did Musician Tommy Lee Write This Open Letter to Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-tommy-robinson-arrest	"Tommy Robinson was jailed in order to silence his reporting on a sex abuse trial in England, and to ""protect Muslim pedophiles."""	Was a Far-Right Activist Jailed for Breaching a Court Order Designed to ‘Protect Muslim Pedophiles’?
vclaim-sno-tommy-robinson-protest-photo	"A viral photograph posted in June 2018 shows ""the whole of London"" protesting on the streets in defense of jailed far-right activist Tommy Robinson."	Did ‘the Whole of London’ Protest in Support of Far-Right Activist Tommy Robinson?
vclaim-sno-toms-shoes	Toms Shoes is giving away free merchandise to Facebook users.	Free Pair of Toms Shoes
vclaim-sno-toni-braxton-death-hoax	Singer Toni Braxton has passed away at age 50 of unknown causes.	Toni Braxton Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-tony-and-john-podesta-match-madeleine-mccann-police-sketches	Police sketches of Madeleine McCann's alleged kidnappers are a perfect match for Tony and John Podesta.	Do Tony and John Podesta Match Madeleine McCann Police Sketches?
vclaim-sno-tony-mullis	Prayers are requested for Tony Mullis, a 20-year-old soldier who lost his legs while serving in Afghanistan.	Prayer Request: Tony Mullis
vclaim-sno-tony-romo-arrested-in-nc	Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo was arrested for using a men's bathroom in North Carolina.	Tony Romo Arrested in North Carolina for Using Men’s Bathroom
vclaim-sno-tony-stewart-accident	NASCAR champion Tony Stewart hit and killed a fellow driver after an accident on the race track.	Driver Killed in Accident Involving NASCAR Star Tony Stewart
vclaim-sno-too-young-to-dye	President Calvin Coolidge’s son was killed by a poisonous dye in his black socks.	Was Calvin Coolidge’s Son Killed by His Socks?
vclaim-sno-took-arrow-knee-marriage	The phrase 'I took an arrow in the knee' is old Norse slang for getting married.	Is ‘I Took an Arrow in the Knee’ Slang for Getting Married?
vclaim-sno-toolooz	Screen capture  shows errors in a Fox News report about the killing of seven people in Toulouse, France.	Toolooz
vclaim-sno-top-of-the-news	An Associated Press news article about the Washington Navy Yard shootings was dated the day prior to the events it described.	Navy Yard Shooting Reported in Advance?
vclaim-sno-topiary-cats	Images show several large topiary cats created by a retiree and artist named John Brooker.	Topiary Cats
vclaim-sno-tornado-carries-mobile-home	A tornado carried a mobile home for 130 miles  and left its occupants unharmed.	Tornado Carries Mobile Home 130 Miles, Family Inside Unharmed?
vclaim-sno-tornadoes-in-cape-town	Videos show tornadoes in Cape Town, South Africa.	Does Footage Show Tornadoes in Cape Town?
vclaim-sno-toronto-ban-catholic-communion	In June 2020, the city of Toronto banned Catholic churches from carrying out the sacrament of Holy Communion because of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Toronto Ban Catholic Churches from Administering Holy Communion?
vclaim-sno-torontos-clean-streets	A Toronto film crew returning from a break found their intentionally garbage-strewn street had been cleaned by sanitation workers.	Toronto’s Clean Streets
vclaim-sno-tortured-nigerian-slaves-in-libya	Horrifying photographs posted on social media by a Nigerian politician depict slaves sold in Libya.	Are These Images of Tortured Nigerian Slaves in Libya?
vclaim-sno-total-collapse-wind-solar-germany	As cold weather pushed through Germany in February 2021, a “total collapse” in wind and solar energy left Germans in need of coal-fired energy.	Did ‘Total Collapse’ in Wind and Solar Energy Leave Germans in Need of Coal-Fired Power?
vclaim-sno-tourist-arrested-trading-wife	A U.S. tourist in Saudi Arabia was arrested for refusing to trade his wife to a prince for 45 camels.	Was a U.S. Tourist Arrested for Refusing to Trade His Wife to a Saudi Prince?
vclaim-sno-tourist-assaulted-orangutan	An orangutan raped an Irish tourist in Indonesia.	Was an Irish Tourist ‘Savagely Raped’ by a Huge Orangutan?
vclaim-sno-tourist-roller-coaster	A tourist's unfortunate bout of stomach upset on a Spanish roller coaster splashed liquid fecal matter on other customers.	Did a Tourist Get Diarrhea on a Roller Coaster and Splash 14 People?
vclaim-sno-tourist-wtc-911	Photograph captures an unlucky tourist posing on the observation deck of a World Trade Center tower on 9/11, seconds before a hijacked airliner smashed into the building.	Is This a Photograph of a World Trade Center Tourist on 9/11?
vclaim-sno-tow-free-number	The state of Texas offers free towing services to stranded motorists.	Texas Free Towing Service?
vclaim-sno-town-crier-announces-royal-birth	The royal family's official town crier announced the birth of Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge's third child.	Did a Town Crier Announce the Royal Birth?
vclaim-sno-toy-story-3-hidden	A risqué shadow was sneaked into a scene from Toy Story 3.	Was a Risqué Image Hidden in ‘Toy Story 3’?
vclaim-sno-toys-r-us-closing-locations-not-accepting-gift-cards	Toys R Us is closing all stores and gift cards are soon-to-be or no longer have value.	Is Toys R Us Closing All Locations, Not Accepting Gift Cards?
vclaim-sno-track-meet	NORAD annually tracks Santa's progress because a child trying to reach Santa via a newspaper advertisement called the wrong phone number.	Why NORAD Tracks Santa
vclaim-sno-track-of-my-fears	A free web site allows users to track the location of any cell phone.	Mobile Phone GPS Tracking Technology
vclaim-sno-trackdown-trump-character-wall	An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a snake oil salesman named 'Trump' who promised to build a wall in order to prevent the end of the world.	Did a 1950s TV Episode Feature a Character Named Trump Who Offered to Build a Protective Wall?
vclaim-sno-tracking-stimulus-check	An 800 phone number can be used for tracking the status of coronavirus economic stimulus payments.	No, This Is Not a Phone Number for Tracking Your Coronavirus Stimulus Payments
vclaim-sno-trademark-of-the-devil	The president of Procter & Gamble announced on a popular talk show that he donates a portion of the company’s profits to the Church of Satan.	Procter and Gamble and Satanism Rumor
vclaim-sno-trader-joes-april-fools-day	All Trader Joe's grocery stores will be closed by 2017.	Trader Joe’s to Close All Stores by 2017, Plans to Discontinue Products
vclaim-sno-traffic-arrests-polk-county	All of the drivers arrested in 282 traffic stops in Polk County, Iowa, were African-American.	Did African-American Drivers Comprise 100% of the Traffic Arrests in Polk County, Iowa?
vclaim-sno-traffic-jam-at-mount-everest	A photograph shows a long line of climbers waiting to ascend Mount Everest.	Does Mount Everest Have a Human ‘Traffic Jam’?
vclaim-sno-traffic-stop-bag-of-penises	A routine traffic stop ended with officers discovering a bag of human penises in a man's car.	Did a Traffic Stop Uncover a Bag of Human Penises?
vclaim-sno-tragedy-at-ft-hood	Col. Allen B. West penned an essay about the “Tragedy at Ft. Hood.”	Col. Allen B. West – Tragedy at Ft. Hood
vclaim-sno-tragically-hip-cancels-tour	The band Tragically Hip has cancelled their tour after members failed to get tickets to their own shows.	Tragically Hip Cancels Tour After Band Members Unable to Acquire Tickets
vclaim-sno-trailer-trashed	A horse’s legs are ground to stumps after the floor of the trailer it is being transported in rot away.	Horse Through Trailer Floor
vclaim-sno-train-carrying-gop-congressmen-crash-due-deep-state-plot	The train carrying GOP members of Congress to a West Virginia retreat crashed due to a Deep State plot.	Did a Train Carrying GOP Congressmen Crash Due to a ‘Deep State’ Plot?
vclaim-sno-train-of-taught	Students used conditioning techniques to influence a psychology instructor into lecturing from specific part of classroom.	Trained Professor
vclaim-sno-train-penny-derail	A penny placed on the tracks will derail a train.	Will Placing a Penny on the Tracks Derail a Train?
vclaim-sno-train-wreck	E-mail describes a case of three women being slipped Rohypnol by a	Train Wreck Rape
vclaim-sno-training-depot	Home Depot employees are being forced to undergo ‘Muslim Sensitivity Training’ by demand of CAIR.	Home Depot Embraces Sharia Law with Forced 'Muslim Sensitivity Training'
vclaim-sno-trampoline-bridge-paris-photos	Photographs show a real trampoline bridge in Paris.	FALSE: Photos of a ‘Trampoline Bridge’ Don’t Show a Real Structure
vclaim-sno-trancing-with-the-stars	Star fruit is dangerous to eat.	Star Fruit Warning
vclaim-sno-trans-species-man-deer-shot	"A ""trans species man"" who identifies as a deer was accidentally shot by hunters."	Was ‘Trans Species Man’ Who Identifies as a Deer Shot By Hunters?
vclaim-sno-transcript-hannity-trump	A transcript accurately reproduces an exchange from an interview between Fox News' Sean Hannity and U.S. President Donald Trump.	Is This a Real Transcript from a Trump Interview with Hannity?
vclaim-sno-transfusion-confusion	A brave little boy agrees to transfuse his ailing little sister, thinking the procedure will kill him even as it saves her life.	Transfusion Confusion
vclaim-sno-transgender-arrested-target-photos	A transgender woman was arrested to taking pictures of underage girls at a Target in Dallas.	Transgender Woman Arrested for Taking Pictures of Underage Girls at Target
vclaim-sno-transgender-bathroom-arrest	"NC police tased and ""brutally ejected"" a woman from a ladies' restroom because they thought she was transgender."	Woman Kicked Out of Ladies’ Bathroom by Police After Being Mistaken for Transgender
vclaim-sno-transgender-filming-women-restroom	A California man was arrested in April 2016 for dressing in women's clothes and surreptitiously filming women in a public bathroom.	Man Claiming to Be Transgender Arrested for Filming Women in Restroom
vclaim-sno-transgender-pronouns-fine-nyc	"Property owners in New York City will be fined $250,000 for using ""improper pronouns"" due to new transgender laws."	New NYC Laws Prohibit Discrimination Against Transgender Community
vclaim-sno-transgender-shot-death-restroom	A transgender woman was shot to death in the bathroom of a Colorado department store.	Transgender Woman Shot to Death in Department Store Restroom
vclaim-sno-transgender-student-unprotected-drill	Instructors at a Virginia middle school did not allow a transgender student to take shelter during a drill simulating how to hide from a school shooter.	Did a Virginia School Leave a Transgender Student Unprotected During a Shooting Drill?
vclaim-sno-transgender-suicides-after-2016-election	As many as nine transgender children (some adult children) committed or attempted suicide the night Donald Trump was elected President.	Transgender Parenting Groups Report Eight Suicides After 2016 Election
vclaim-sno-transgender-teen-wrestling-title	A transgender boy won a state title in girls' high school wrestling.	Did a Transgender Teen Boy Win a Girls’ State Wrestling Title?
vclaim-sno-transparent-frog-glass	"A photograph shows a ""transparent"" frog."	Is This ‘Transparent’ Frog Real?
vclaim-sno-trapeze-artist-with-diarrhea	A trapeze artist with diarrhea defecated on 23 people at a circus in Spain.	Did a Trapeze Artist with Diarrhea Defecate on 23 People?
vclaim-sno-trapped-by-bollards	A photograph shows workmen who accidentally trapped their van within a barrier of bollards.	Does This Photograph Show a Workmen’s Van Trapped by Bollards?
vclaim-sno-treason-impeachment-removal	If the President of the United States were impeached for treason, the Vice President and all other officers would automatically be removed from office as well.	If the President Is Impeached for Treason, Is Everyone Else Removed from Office as Well?
vclaim-sno-treasure-of-the-sierra-padre	A disappointed son discovers hidden wealth in the graduation gift he had spurned years earlier.	Spurned Graduation Gift
vclaim-sno-tree-octopus	A species of cephalopod known as the Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus, that can live on both land and water, is endangered.	Is the Pacific Northwest Tree Octopus Endangered?
vclaim-sno-tree-of-life-muslim-groups-donations-mosque	Muslim organizations or a mosque kept most of the $238,634 raised for the victims of an October 2018 mass shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh.	Did Muslim Groups Keep Money Intended for Victims of the Pittsburgh Synagogue Shooting?
vclaim-sno-tree-spiting	Illegal loggers in the Amazon rainforest accidentally cut down the world’s oldest tree.	Loggers Accidentally Cut Down World’s Oldest Tree in Amazon Forest
vclaim-sno-tree-top-giraffe	Photograph shows a giraffe climbing a tall tree.	Tree-Top Giraffe
vclaim-sno-trees-stars-milky-way	It is estimated that there are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way galaxy.	Are There More Trees on Earth Than Stars in the Milky Way?
vclaim-sno-tresemme-shampoo-lawsuit	In late 2020, a consumer in Illinois filed a class action lawsuit against Unilever, alleging the company violated various laws in its use of a particular ingredient in TRESemmé shampoos.	Did Consumers Sue Over Alleged Hair Loss Ingredient in TRESemmé Shampoo?
vclaim-sno-trevor-lawrence-white-house-meal	"Clemson football quarterback Trevor Lawrence defended the fast food meal his team received at the White House, saying it was ""the best meal we ever had."""	Did Clemson’s Quarterback Say Their White House Meal Was ‘The Best We Ever Had’?
vclaim-sno-trevor-noah-fake-quote	Comedian Trevor Noah said black South Africans should direct their anger at whites instead of immigrants.	Did Trevor Noah Say South Africans Should Direct Their Anger at Whites Instead of Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-trey-gowdy-admitted-benghazi	"During a Fox News appearance, Select Committee on Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy ""accidentally admitted"" that troops would not have been able to reach the four Americans killed in time to intervene."	Trey Gowdy Admitted Nothing Could Have Saved Benghazi Victims?
vclaim-sno-trey-gowdy-nancy-pelosi	"In December 2020, Fox News contributor Trey Gowdy said he was ""madder than hell"" at remarks made by Nancy Pelosi about COVID-19 relief funding."	Did Trey Gowdy Say He Was ‘Madder Than Hell’ at Pelosi’s COVID-Relief Remarks?
vclaim-sno-trey-gowdy-trumps-legal-team	Former Republican congressman Trey Gowdy has joined President Trump's legal team.	Did Trey Gowdy Join President Trump’s Legal Team?
vclaim-sno-trey-gowdys-son-dead-dumpster	Rep. Trey Gowdy's son was found dead in a Washington, D.C. dumpster.	Was Trey Gowdy’s Son Found Dead in a Dumpster?
vclaim-sno-triangle-of-life	Rescue expert’s ‘Triangle of Life’ article provides good advice about earthquake safety.	Triangle of Life – Earthquake Survival Tips
vclaim-sno-trick-or-treat-age-limit	Laws in some areas limit trick-or-treating to children 12 and younger.	Does a Municipal Code Limit Trick-or-Treating to Children 12 and Younger?
vclaim-sno-trick-or-triage	African health officials confirmed that a factory worker suffering from Ebola bled into a batch of chocolate, potentially infecting millions of pieces.	Ebola in Chocolate Warning
vclaim-sno-trifexis	Trifexis brand parasite prevention tablets have caused the deaths of a large number of dogs.	Do Trifexis Parasite Prevention Tablets Kill Dogs?
vclaim-sno-trip-wire	A June 2004 Associated Press article identified Barack Obama as “Kenyan-born.”	AP Reports Obama as ‘Kenyan-Born’
vclaim-sno-trip-witless	List of howlers collected by a Washington travel agent proves members of Congress are hopelessly lost about even ordinary geography.	Did Congresspeople Make These Geographical Blunders?
vclaim-sno-triscuits-electric-biscuits	"Triscuit crackers are so named because they are biscuits ""baked by electricity."""	Does ‘Triscuit’ Mean ‘Electric Biscuit’?
vclaim-sno-triton-scuba-mask-design	The Triton Scuba Mask allows people to breathe underwater without the use of air tanks.	Triton ‘Tankless’ Scuba Mask — Real or Vaporware?
vclaim-sno-trivia-crack	A racist question was featured in the game Trivia Crack.	Did Trivia Crack Post a Racist Question?
vclaim-sno-trojan-pre-owned-condoms	A photograph shows Trojan's latest product: pre-owned condoms.	Is Trojan Selling Pre-Owned Condoms?
vclaim-sno-troller-coaster	A toddler was ejected from a roller coaster after his teen mother circumvented height regulations and sneaked him onto the ride.	Toddler Ejected from Roller Coaster
vclaim-sno-troop-loops	Troop clothing is owned by the KKK, and the name stands for “To Rule Over Oppressed People.”	Troop and the KKK Rumor
vclaim-sno-troops-guarding-lincoln-memorial	A photograph shows troops guarding the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, D.C.	Are These Troops Guarding the Lincoln Memorial?
vclaim-sno-trophy-hunter-eaten-by-lions	A trophy hunter was eaten alive by lions in March 2019 after he killed three baboon families at the Ingwelala Private Nature Reserve.	Was a Trophy Hunter Eaten Alive by Lions after He Killed 3 Baboon Families?
vclaim-sno-tropical-storm	Tropical Fantasy contains a special ingredient that will render black men sterile.	Tropical Fantasy Renders Blacks Sterile
vclaim-sno-troubled-waters	Video clip shows Rep. Maxine Waters comments during a Congressional hearing about nationalizing the oil industry.	Maxine Waters Questions President of Shell Oil
vclaim-sno-truck-bank-drive-through	A video shows a truck destroying the canopy over a bank's drive-through lane.	Does This Video Show a Truck Destroying a Drive-Through Bank Canopy?
vclaim-sno-truck-curfew	Eleven states are introducing a truck curfew from 11PM until 6AM.	11 States Agree to Implement and Enforce Truck Curfew
vclaim-sno-truck-stop	A truck’s cargo of road signs revealed a government plot to impose martial law.	Martial Law Plot
vclaim-sno-trucked-voters-in-pa	"""Multiple trucks full of illegals"" were spotted at ""six polling locations across Pennsylvania"" during a special House election."	Did ‘Trucks Full of Illegals’ Cast Fake Votes in Pennsylvania Race?
vclaim-sno-truckers-strike-thanksgiving	From Nov. 26 to 29, 2020, U.S. truckers will carry out a nationwide protest against the election of Joe Biden and his policies that they say will hurt blue-collar workers including those in their industry.	Are US Truckers Planning a Nationwide Strike Over Thanksgiving?
vclaim-sno-trudeau-border-united-nations	Prime Minister Justin Trudeau transferred control of the Canadian border to the United Nations.	Did Justin Trudeau Transfer Canadian Border Control to the United Nations?
vclaim-sno-trudeau-sex-scandal-school	In 2001, Justin Trudeau left his teaching job at the West Point Grey Academy after having a sexual relationship with either a student or a student's mother.	Did Justin Trudeau Stop Teaching at a Vancouver Private School Under the Cloud of a Sex Scandal?
vclaim-sno-true-arms-talks	"Ronald Reagan once said that ""an AK-47 is not a sporting weapon nor needed for defense of a home."""	Ronald Reagan on AK-47s
vclaim-sno-true-jews-are-more-often-victims-of-hate-crimes-than-muslims	Jews are more often the victims of hate crimes than Muslims in the United States.	TRUE: Jews are More Often Victims of Hate Crimes than Muslims
vclaim-sno-true-lies	Pope Francis declared at the Third Vatican Council that “all religions are true.”	FALSE: Pope Francis Declares All Religions are True
vclaim-sno-truman-plain-speaking	A collection of anecdotes about honesty comprises real quotes from President Harry S. Truman.	Harry S. Truman’s Plain Speaking
vclaim-sno-truman-socialism-scare-word	"President Truman denounced the use of ""socialism"" as a ""scare word ... for almost anything that helps all the people."""	Did Harry Truman Denounce the Use of ‘Socialism’ as a ‘Scare Word’?
vclaim-sno-trump-1776-commission-plagiarism	The report of the 1776 Commission contained segments of text taken from earlier writings by two commission members.	Did Trump’s 1776 Commission Report Copy and Paste Old Content?
vclaim-sno-trump-2013-taxes-leaked	WNBC received documents proving Donald Trump paid $40 million in federal income tax  in 2013.	Leaked 2013 Trump Tax Return Shows He Paid Over 40 Million in Taxes
vclaim-sno-trump-2016-chairs-trafficking	Donald Trump’s Kentucky and Oklahoma 2016 campaign chairs are in jail for child sex trafficking.	Are Trump 2016 Campaign Chairs in Two States in Jail for Sex Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-trump-2020-flags-china	"The Trump re-election campaign is responsible for a surge in orders of ""Trump 2020"" flags and banners produced in Chinese factories, just before the imposition of U.S. tariffs."	Did the Trump 2020 Campaign Order Flags and Banners Made in China?
vclaim-sno-trump-2024-presidential-campaign	In February 2021, former U.S. President Donald Trump launched a 2024 presidential campaign.	Did Trump Launch 2024 Presidential Campaign?
vclaim-sno-trump-25th-amendment-nancy-pelosi	President Donald Trump invoked the 25th Amendment to remove Nancy Pelosi as House Speaker.	Did President Trump Invoke the 25th Amendment to Remove Nancy Pelosi from Congress?
vclaim-sno-trump-911-small-business-fund	Donald Trump improperly received $150,000 in federal aid earmarked for small businesses damaged by the 9/11 attacks, despite the fact his business was neither small nor damaged in the attacks.	Did Donald Trump Take $150K from the 9/11 Small Business Fund?
vclaim-sno-trump-abolition-civil-rights	"During remarks in February 2019, Trump touted the ""abolition of civil rights"" as one of the greatest accomplishments in the history of the United States."	Did President Trump Laud the ‘Abolition of Civil Rights’?
vclaim-sno-trump-abramovich-border-wall	President Trump’s border wall project will necessarily result in a huge payout to powerful Russian oligarch and steel magnate Roman Abramovich due to specific requirements imposed by Trump.	Were President Trump’s Border Wall Specs Designed to Benefit a Russian Oligarch?
vclaim-sno-trump-accuse-cruz-fraud	U.S. President Donald Trump accused U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz of fraud on Twitter after coming in second during the 2016 Iowa caucus.	Did Trump Accuse Sen. Ted Cruz of Fraud in 2016?
vclaim-sno-trump-acquittal-impeached	"Trump wasn't really acquitted of articles of impeachment brought by the U.S. House because he didn't have a ""real"" trial with new witnesses and documents in the U.S. Senate."	Did US Senate Fail to Acquit Trump Because There Wasn’t a ‘Real’ Trial?
vclaim-sno-trump-ad-banned-facebook	"A video described as a ""campaign ad"" promoting U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 reelection campaign was banned by Facebook and YouTube."	Was Trump ‘Campaign Ad’ Banned by YouTube and Facebook?
vclaim-sno-trump-ad-troops-russian-jets	"A ""Support Our Troops"" ad from the 2020 Trump campaign featured an image of Russian fighter jets."	Did the Trump Campaign’s ‘Support Our Troops’ Ad Feature Russian Jets?
vclaim-sno-trump-admin-disability-recipients	The Trump Administration is seeking to monitor social media posts of disability recipients.	Is the Trump Administration Seeking to Monitor Social Media Accounts of Disability Recipients?
vclaim-sno-trump-admin-seizing-ppe	Under U.S. President Donald Trump, federal authorities are confiscating orders of personal protective equipment (PPE) from local governments amid the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did the Trump Admin Seize COVID-19 Protective Equipment from States?
vclaim-sno-trump-administration-fire-lgbtq	Trump's Department of Justice asked the U.S. Supreme Court to rule, in two consolidated cases, in a way that would establish the legality of employers' firing workers on the basis of their sexual orientation.	Did Trump Admin Ask Supreme Court to Legalize Firing LGBTQ Workers?
vclaim-sno-trump-administration-set-legalize-medical-marijuana-50-states	President Trump is signing a law legalizing marijuana across the United States.	Is the Trump Administration Set to Legalize Medical Marijuana ‘in All 50 States’?
vclaim-sno-trump-aid-puerto-rico	A social media meme accurately lists U.S. government assets deployed by President Trump to aid Puerto Ricans in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria.	Is This Viral List of U.S. Government Emergency Aid Sent to Puerto Rico Accurate?
vclaim-sno-trump-alternate-inauguration	The Trump campaign released a statement announcing its own inauguration ceremony on Jan. 20, 2021, in Florida.	Is Trump Planning an Alternate Inauguration Ceremony in Florida?
vclaim-sno-trump-americans-chinese-food	U.S. President Donald Trump ordered Americans to stop patronizing Chinese restaurants.	Did Trump Order Americans to Stop Eating Chinese Food?
vclaim-sno-trump-and-back-to-the-future	"An image comparison shows Donald Trump and various politicians in similar poses to characters from the movie ""Back to the Future."""	Is This ‘Back to the Future’ Image Comparison with President Trump Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-and-children-face-250-million-tax-evasion-charges	Donald Trump and his children face charges of evading $250 million in taxes.	Trump and Children Face $250 Million Tax Evasion Charges
vclaim-sno-trump-and-obama-by-the-numbers	"A ""Trump and Obama by the Numbers"" meme recounts accurate statistics about their job performances."	Does This Meme Accurately Show ‘Trump and Obama by the Numbers’?
vclaim-sno-trump-animal-cruelty	In November 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law the PACT Act, which made several kinds of animal cruelty a federal felony.	Did Trump Sign a Law Making Animal Cruelty a Federal Crime?
vclaim-sno-trump-animals-hitler	"Donald Trump called undocumented immigrants ""animals,"" just as Adolf Hitler called Jewish people ""animals."""	Did Trump Echo Hitler by Calling Undocumented Immigrants ‘Animals’?
vclaim-sno-trump-anonymous-identity	Trump knew the identity of the administration insider who penned an anonymous Op-Ed and book critical of the president.	Did Trump Know the Identity of ‘Anonymous’ Admin Insider?
vclaim-sno-trump-anti-gay-shunned	"Donald Trump attended a hate group gathering ""snubbed"" by former GOP candidates Mitt Romney and John McCain."	Did Donald Trump Meet with an Anti-Gay Hate Group Shunned by Other Candidates?
vclaim-sno-trump-antifa-terrorist	U.S. President Donald Trump (or his administration) has the legal authority to designate antifa as a terrorist organization.	Can Trump Designate Antifa as a ‘Terrorist Organization’?
vclaim-sno-trump-apologize-to-iran	Nancy Pelosi demanded that President Trump apologize to the Iranians for killing one of their generals “or else.”	Did Nancy Pelosi Say Trump Must Apologize to Iran ‘Or Else’?
vclaim-sno-trump-appoints-bill-cosby-as-secretary-for-womens-rights	Bill Cosby was appointed the Secretary for Women's Rights by president-elect Donald Trump.	Did Trump Appoint Bill Cosby as Secretary for Women’s Rights?
vclaim-sno-trump-armbands	Donald Trump supporters were photographed wearing Nazi-style armbands.	Donald Trump Supporters Seen Wearing Nazi-Style Armbands
vclaim-sno-trump-army-fundraising-email	"An image shows a fundraising email for the Trump campaign asking people to join the ""Trump Army"" to go fight the ""liberal MOB."""	Is This ‘Trump Army’ Fundraising Email Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-art-of-the-deal	"A passage from chapter 45 of U.S. President Donald Trump's book ""The Art of the Deal"" reads: ""Never admit defeat. You win. If you don't win claim they cheated. They rigged it. They stole it."""	Did Trump Write ‘Never Admit Defeat’ in ‘Art of the Deal’?
vclaim-sno-trump-article-9	President Trump has invoked 'Article 9' treason prosecutions against Democrats.	Did Trump Invoke ‘Article 9’ Treason Prosecutions Against Democrats?
vclaim-sno-trump-asylum-white-supremacist	President Donald Trump offered asylum to Aleksei Makeev, who was attacked in Mexico.	Did Trump Offer Asylum to ‘Lord Nazi Ruso’?
vclaim-sno-trump-attacks-god-in-tweetstorm	"Donald Trump issued a series of angry tweets calling God a ""dope,"" a ""clown,"" and a ""loser."""	Trump Attacks God in Tweetstorm
vclaim-sno-trump-attend-g20-summit	U.S. President Donald Trump participated in a virtual G20 summit in late 2020.	Did Trump Attend Virtual G20 Summit?
vclaim-sno-trump-autism-1-8-billion	In September 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump signed into law a bill that provides $1.8 billion in funding for autism research and services.	Did Donald Trump Sign a $1.8 Billion Autism-Services Bill?
vclaim-sno-trump-autograph-womans-chest	A photograph shows Donald Trump signing a woman's chest.	Did Donald Trump Autograph a Woman’s Chest?
vclaim-sno-trump-baby-ninth-month	President Trump said that a number of state laws allow a baby 'to be born from his or her mother’s womb in the ninth month.'	Did President Trump Decry Babies Being ‘Born in the Ninth Month’?
vclaim-sno-trump-back-to-africa	Donald Trump said that if black people don't like it in America, they should go back to Africa.	Did Donald Trump Say Black People Should Go Back to Africa If They’re Not Satisfied with America?
vclaim-sno-trump-ballistic-fox-and-friends	President Trump declared on 'Fox & Friends' that 'I am in charge, this is my country, and I will do as I please.'	Did President Trump ‘Go Ballistic’ on ‘Fox and Friends’?
vclaim-sno-trump-ban-full-face-veils	"President Trump announced intent to ban ""full face"" veils in public places, an act presumably targeting Muslim women."	Did President Donald Trump Ban ‘Full Face’ Veils?
vclaim-sno-trump-ban-sharia-law	"President Donald Trump banned ""Sharia Law"" in the United States."	Did President Trump Ban ‘Sharia Law’ in the U.S.?
vclaim-sno-trump-ban-travel-china-pandemic	In February 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump enforced a complete ban on travel from mainland China, a signature policy move that helped save many lives from the spread of COVID-19 in the U.S.	Did Trump Ban All Travel From China at the Start of the Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-bans-snl	President Trump has issued an order banning the 'Saturday Night Live' television show.	Donald Trump Signs Executive Order Cancelling Saturday Night Live?
vclaim-sno-trump-barbara-bush-funeral	"President Donald Trump was ""ordered"" by the Bush family not to attend former first lady Barbara Bush's funeral."	Was Donald Trump ‘Ordered’ to Stay Away from Barbara Bush’s Funeral?
vclaim-sno-trump-barrett-looks-nominated	U.S. President Donald Trump said he nominated Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court because she “is much, much better looking than the women we have had.”	Did Trump Say He Nominated Amy Coney Barrett Because of Her Looks?
vclaim-sno-trump-bay-of-pigs-award	An organization once awarded U.S. President Donald Trump a Bay of Pigs recognition award.	Was Trump Given a ‘Bay of Pigs’ Award?
vclaim-sno-trump-beautiful-covid-19-vaccine	"Former U.S. President Donald Trump released a statement saying that he hopes ""everyone remembers"" that he was responsible for the ""beautiful"" COVID-19 vaccine shot."	Did Trump Take Credit for ‘Beautiful’ COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-trump-belgium-climate-agreement	President Donald Trump sent a video message to Belgian citizens criticizing their government for being part of the Paris Climate Change Agreement.	Did President Trump Tell Belgium to ‘Withdraw from the Climate Agreement’?
vclaim-sno-trump-beto-crowds-el-paso-victims	In the aftermath of two mass shootings, President Donald Trump attacked a political opponent and bragged about crowd sizes during remarks about the incidents, whereas past presidents offered words of comfort and solidarity.	Did Trump Brag About Crowd Sizes While Past Presidents Consoled Massacre Victims?
vclaim-sno-trump-biden-assassination-shot	In a speech on Oct. 27, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump called for the assassination of Joe Biden.	No, Trump Did Not Call for Biden’s Assassination
vclaim-sno-trump-biden-coffin	A video posted to U.S. President Donald Trump's Facebook page showed Joe Biden's campaign logo superimposed on a coffin.	Did Trump Post a Video with Biden Logo on a Coffin?
vclaim-sno-trump-biden-resident-meme	"U.S. President Donald Trump posted a ""Biden for Resident"" meme on Twitter."	Did Trump Share ‘Biden for Resident’ Meme?
vclaim-sno-trump-biden-vote-dumps	"Joe Biden won key states in the 2020 U.S. presidential election due to fraudulent late-night ""vote dumps."""	Debunking Trump Tweets: Fraudulent ‘Vote Dumps’ Gave Biden the Election
vclaim-sno-trump-billie-holiday-christmas	U.S. President Donald Trump demanded that jazz singer Billie Holiday posthumously change her name to Billie Christmas.	Did Trump Demand Billie Holiday Change Name to ‘Billie Christmas’?
vclaim-sno-trump-blame-obama-covid-tests	"U.S. President Donald Trump implied the Obama administration left behind ""bad,"" ""broken,"" and ""obsolete"" COVID-19 diagnostic tests."	Did Trump Blame Obama for ‘Bad’ COVID-19 Tests?
vclaim-sno-trump-blasts-media-for-reporting-things-he-says	Donald Trump lamented that the news media are biased for accurately reporting his words and actions.	Trump Blasts Media for Reporting Things He Says?
vclaim-sno-trump-blm-150000-acres-fracking	President Donald Trump's administration auctioned 150,000 acres of public land off in December 2018, making that land open to fracking activities.	Did the Trump Administration Auction Off 150,000 Acres of Public Land for Fracking?
vclaim-sno-trump-bloomberg-clinton-golf-photo	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump, former Mayor Mike Bloomberg, former President Bill Clinton, and former Mayor Rudy Giuliani together on a golf course.	Is This Photo of Trump, Bloomberg, Clinton, and Giuliani Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-bloomberg-height	A photograph highlights the height disparity between U.S. President Donald Trump and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bloomberg.	Does This Photo Show Trump’s and Bloomberg’s Height Disparity?
vclaim-sno-trump-boat-parade-sunken	A photograph shows a boat that sank during a parade for U.S. President Donald Trump in September 2020.	Did the Trump Boat Parade Result in This Sunken Ship Photo?
vclaim-sno-trump-body-finite-energy	Exercising is counterproductive because it expends more quickly the finite amount of energy a human has.	Is the Human Body Like a Battery With a Finite Amount of Energy?
vclaim-sno-trump-border-dome	President Trump has scrapped plans for constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border in favor of a proposal for a dome.	Did President Trump Scrap Plans for a Border Wall in Favor of a Dome?
vclaim-sno-trump-border-wall-colorado	In a speech in October 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump claimed his administration was building part of the border wall in Colorado.	Did Donald Trump Say ‘We’re Building a Wall in Colorado’?
vclaim-sno-trump-borderwall-phone-survey	In January 2019, President Donald Trump ran a television commercial that urged supporters of his proposed border wall to call an 800 number and take part in a survey.	Did President Donald Trump Run TV Ads Asking Border Wall Supporters to Call an 800 Number?
vclaim-sno-trump-boycott-chinese-restaurants	President Trump urged his followers on Twitter to boycott Chinese restaurants.	Did President Trump Urge Americans to Boycott Chinese Restaurants?
vclaim-sno-trump-bragged-tallest-building	Donald Trump bragged that he had tallest building in downtown Manhattan after the 9/11 attacks destroyed the World Trade Center.	Did Trump Brag He Had the ‘Tallest Building in Manhattan’ After the 9/11 Attacks?
vclaim-sno-trump-bringing-back-draft	Donald Trump has vowed to reinstate the draft.	Trump: ‘We’re Bringing Back the Draft’?
vclaim-sno-trump-building-concentration-camps	President Trump has ordered the construction of concentration camps in the U.S.	Did President Trump Order the Building of ‘Concentration Camps’?
vclaim-sno-trump-bullies-boy-hat-easter	Did President Trump bully a boy by signing his hat and tossing it away at the Easter Egg Roll?	Trump ‘Bullies’ Boy by Tossing Hat at Easter Egg Roll?
vclaim-sno-trump-bunker-obama-tweet	U.S. President Donald Trump complained about his experience in the White House bunker on Twitter, saying that President Barack Obama left it in a bad shape, with no food or supplies.	Did Trump Complain About the State of the White House Bunker in a Tweet?
vclaim-sno-trump-bunker-putin-parody	"In a tweet, U.S. President Donald Trump thanked Vladimir Putin from a White House bunker for his ""concern."""	Did Trump Tweet That He Talked to Putin From His Bunker?
vclaim-sno-trump-buried-arlington-cemetery	Introduced in January 2021 as a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives, the “No Glory for Hate Act” would prevent former President Donald Trump from being buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	Would a Bill Bar Trump from Being Buried at Arlington Cemetery?
vclaim-sno-trump-bush-funeral-hand-heart	President Trump failed to place his hand over his heart during George H.W. Bush's funeral.	Did President Trump Fail to Place His Hand Over His Heart During George H.W. Bush’s Funeral?
vclaim-sno-trump-busted-using-empty-folders	Stacks of file folders presented as evidence that President-elect Donald Trump was turning his business holdings over to his children were empty and/or contained blank sheets of paper.	Trump Used Blank Sheets of Paper as Conflict-of-Interest Documents?
vclaim-sno-trump-call-putin-disabled	White House staff disabled routine recording of a January 2017 phone call between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump.	Did White House Staff Disable Recording of a Call Between Presidents Trump and Putin?
vclaim-sno-trump-call-trudeau-leader-igloo-people	"President Donald Trump was overheard referring to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as the ""leader of the igloo people."""	Did Trump Call Trudeau ‘Leader of the Igloo People?’
vclaim-sno-trump-campaign-actors-announcement	The Trump campaign offered actors $50 each to cheer him on at his 2015 presidential-campaign announcement.	Did Trump Campaign Offer Actors $50 to Cheer Him at Prez Announcement?
vclaim-sno-trump-campaign-ad-ukraine	A campaign advertisement on U.S. President Donald Trump's official Facebook account presented an old photograph from Ukraine as if it showed violence against police officers in the United States.	Did a Trump Campaign Ad Use a Photo from Ukraine of Protesters Hitting Police?
vclaim-sno-trump-campaign-photoshop-hat	"The Trump campaign digitally altered a photograph of reality TV star Rykard Jenkins to make it appear as if he were wearing a ""2020 Trump"" hat."	Did Trump Campaign Photoshop ‘Trump 2020’ Hat onto Pix of Reality TV Star?
vclaim-sno-trump-campaign-september-31	"On Oct. 1, 2020, the re-election campaign of U.S. President Donald Trump sent fundraising emails with the date ""September 31st."""	Did Trump Campaign Send Fundraising Emails With the Date ‘September 31st’?
vclaim-sno-trump-canadian-wall	Donald Trump said that as president he would build a wall along the U.S.-Canadian border.	Donald Trump: Build a Wall on the Canadian Border
vclaim-sno-trump-canadian-women-isis-threat	President Donald Trump posited that Canadian women were the second biggest threat to America following ISIS.	Did U.S. President Donald Trump Declare Canadian Women the Biggest Threat After ISIS?
vclaim-sno-trump-cancels-obamas-muslim-ritual	Donald Trump canceled various White House measures accommodating Islamic prayers in the building, upsetting President Obama.	Did President Trump Cancel Obama’s Muslim ‘Ritual’?
vclaim-sno-trump-care-how-sick-coronavirus	"U.S. President Donald Trump said ""I don't care how sick you are. [...] Get out and vote"" during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic."	Did Trump Say ‘I Don’t Care How Sick You Are … Get Out and Vote’?
vclaim-sno-trump-carrying-oxygen-concentrator	U.S. President Donald Trump was carrying a concealed oxygen cylinder or concentrator when he boarded Marine One for a trip to Walter Reed Medical Center after testing positive for COVID-19.	Was Trump Carrying a Concealed Oxygen Concentrator When He Boarded Marine One?
vclaim-sno-trump-carved-manatees-back	An endangered Florida manatee was discovered with the word “Trump” carved into its back.	Was ‘TRUMP’ Carved into a Florida Manatee’s Back?
vclaim-sno-trump-caught-tweeting	An image shows a disheveled President Trump texting at Mar-A-Lago.	Trump Caught Tweeting at Mar-a-Lago?
vclaim-sno-trump-cecil-lion-wildlife-conservation-council	The Trump administration appointed Walter Palmer, famed for killing Cecil the Lion in 2015, to a newly-formed wildlife conservation council.	Did President Donald Trump Appoint the Man Who Killed Cecil the Lion to a Wildlife Conservation Council?
vclaim-sno-trump-challenge-coins	Redesigned challenge coins given out by President Trump replaced the familiar 'E pluribus unum' motto with Trump's campaign slogan.	Did Trump Put ‘Make America Great Again’ on Presidential Challenge Coins?
vclaim-sno-trump-checks-to-retirees	In March 2017, President Trump signed an executive order allocating payments of more than $4,000 to everyone over 65.	Is President Trump Sending $4,106 to Everyone Over Age 65?
vclaim-sno-trump-child-rape-settlements	U.S. President Donald Trump has been the target of multiple accusations that he raped children aged 13 and younger, and he paid at least $35 million to settle most of those claims.	Did Trump Pay $35M to Settle Child Rape Claims Against Him?
vclaim-sno-trump-china-transparency	"U.S. President Donald Trump praised China for its ""transparency"" in handling the coronavirus outbreak, then later criticized the World Health Organization for doing the same."	Did Trump Praise China for Its ‘Transparency’ on COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-trump-chinese-virus-notes	"A photograph posted on social media in March 2020 shows an authentic image of U.S. President Donald Trump's speech notes with the word ""Corona"" scratched out and replaced in handwriting by ""Chinese."""	Was ‘Coronavirus’ Replaced with ‘Chinese Virus’ in Trump’s Notes?
vclaim-sno-trump-christ-billboard-st-louis	A billboard along route I-170 near St. Louis, Missouri showed President Donald Trump alongside an excerpt from a well-known Gospel verse.	Did a Billboard in Missouri Show President Trump Alongside a Gospel Quote?
vclaim-sno-trump-citizenship-same-sex-couples	The Trump administration is denying citizenship to some children born on foreign soil to same-sex couples.	Is the Trump Administration Denying U.S. Citizenship to Children of Same-Sex Couples?
vclaim-sno-trump-claims-america-should-never-have-given-canada-its-independence	"Donald Trump tweeted an opinion that America never should have ""given Canada its independence."""	Trump Claims America Should Never Have Given Canada Its Independence
vclaim-sno-trump-cleanest-air-world	As of June 2019, the United States was ranked as having the cleanest air in the world.	Does the U.S. Have the ‘Cleanest Air in the World’?
vclaim-sno-trump-climate-change-golf-course	President Donald Trump, in applying for permission to build a wall at his golf course in Ireland, warned against the threat of coastal erosion caused by global warming.	Did Donald Trump Acknowledge the Threat of Climate Change to His Irish Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-trump-clinton-counties-won	Donald Trump won 3,084 of America's 3,141 counties in the 2016 presidential election; Hillary Clinton won just 57.	Did Trump Win 3,084 of 3,141 Counties in 2016, While Clinton Won Only 57?
vclaim-sno-trump-clinton-satisfy	"Donald Trump once said, ""If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?"""	Did Trump Say ‘Hillary Clinton Can’t Satisfy Her Husband’?
vclaim-sno-trump-closed-airports-july4	President Trump shut down American airports on 4 July 2017.	President Trump Closed U.S. Airspace for the 4th of July?
vclaim-sno-trump-comet-meteor-shower-eclipse	The current term of U.S. President Donald Trump will end when the Electoral College votes on Dec. 14, 2020, a day marked in some parts of the world that coincided with a comet, meteor shower, and total eclipse of the sun.	Will Trump’s Presidency End on the Day of a Comet, Meteor Shower, and Total Eclipse?
vclaim-sno-trump-commencement-speech-wall	"President Trump used a ""concrete wall"" metaphor during a commencement speech in 2004."	Did Trump Use a Concrete Wall Metaphor During a 2004 Commencement Speech?
vclaim-sno-trump-commute-bernie-madoff	U.S. President Donald Trump commuted Bernie Madoff’s prison sentence of 150 years.	Did Trump Commute Bernie Madoff’s Prison Sentence?
vclaim-sno-trump-condemn-white-supremacists	"During the Sept. 29, 2020, presidential debate, U.S. President Donald Trump ""refused"" to condemn white supremacists."	Did Trump ‘Refuse to Condemn’ White Supremacists at Debate?
vclaim-sno-trump-considering-resignation	"Donald Trump is considering resignation an ""option."""	Is President Donald Trump Considering Resignation?
vclaim-sno-trump-convoy-caught-spewing-racism-on-cb-radios	Donald Trump supporters made racist comments over CB radios during a pro-Trump parade.	Trump Convoy Caught Spewing Racism on CB Radios?
vclaim-sno-trump-copies-tweet	Donald Trump's tweet congratulating his wife Melania on her speech at the Republican Convention was identical to the message Barack Obama sent Michelle in 2012.	Trump Copies Obama’s Congratulatory Tweet
vclaim-sno-trump-coronavirus-habeas-corpus	The U.S. Department of Justice under Trump has proposed granting federal judges broad authority to pause court proceedings during a national emergency, effectively allowing defendants to be detained indefinitely until the emergency is deemed over.	Did DOJ Propose Rollback of Defendants’ Rights During Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-coronavirus-kill-body	"U.S. President Donald Trump said: ""The doctors said they've never seen a body kill the Coronavirus like my body. They tested my DNA and it wasn't DNA. It was USA."""	Did Trump Say Doctors Had ‘Never Seen a Body Kill Coronavirus Like My Body’?
vclaim-sno-trump-coronavirus-rally-remark	"U.S. President Donald Trump referred to the new coronavirus as a ""hoax."""	Did President Trump Refer to the Coronavirus as a ‘Hoax’?
vclaim-sno-trump-covid-19-deadlier-than-flu	"U.S. President Trump acknowledged that COVID-19 is deadlier than the flu in early February 2020, but continued to downplay the pandemic as ""like the flu"" in public."	Did Trump Say in February 2020 That COVID-19 Is Deadlier Than the Flu?
vclaim-sno-trump-covid-19-deaths-hurt	"When U.S. President Donald Trump was asked what he'd say to people who lost family members to COVID-19, he replied, ""I would say this didn't hurt anyone as much as it hurt me."""	Did Trump Say COVID-19 Deaths Wouldn’t Hurt Anyone as Much as Himself?
vclaim-sno-trump-covid-19-vaccination	Former U.S. President Donald Trump received the COVID-19 vaccine before he left office in January 2021.	Did Trump Receive COVID-19 Vaccination Before Leaving Office?
vclaim-sno-trump-covid-fundraising	The Trump campaign sent out a fundraiser email asking supporters to raise $421 million to help the president recover from COVID-19.	Did Trump Campaign Use COVID Diagnosis to Fundraise $421 Million?
vclaim-sno-trump-covid19-statements	A meme documents U.S. President Donald Trump's statements about the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020.	Did Trump Say This About the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-crib-notes-parkland	A photograph shows President Trump holding crib notes during a listening session with survivors of the Parkland, Florida, school shooting.	Did Trump Use ‘Crib Notes’ During Listening Session with Parkland Survivors?
vclaim-sno-trump-criticize-governors-ebola	U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted in 2014 that governors were making a mistake by backing off Ebola quarantines.	Did Trump Criticize Governors for Backing off Ebola Quarantines in 2014?
vclaim-sno-trump-criticize-obama-negotiate-with-congress	"Donald Trump criticized then U.S. President Barack Obama in 2014 for ""subverting the Constitution of the U.S. because he is unable to negotiate with Congress."""	Did Trump Criticize Obama Because He Was ‘Unable to Negotiate with Congress’?
vclaim-sno-trump-criticize-obama-shutdown	"Donald Trump criticized President Barack Obama during the 2013 government shutdown for failing to ""lead,"" ""get everyone in a room,"" and ""make a deal."""	Did Trump Criticize Obama for a Lack of Leadership During the 2013 Government Shutdown?
vclaim-sno-trump-criticize-obama-woodward	"Donald Trump once wrote that ""only the Obama White House can get away with attacking Bob Woodward."""	Did Trump Once Criticize the Obama White House for ‘Attacking’ Bob Woodward?
vclaim-sno-trump-criticize-pm-trudeaus-social-media-use	President Donald Trump criticized Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for excessive Facebook usage.	Did President Trump Criticize Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s Social Media Use?
vclaim-sno-trump-cruz-rally-photo	A photograph shows thousands of people gathered for a political rally featuring Senator Ted Cruz and President Donald Trump in Texas.	Is This a Photograph of the Trump/Cruz Political Rally in Texas?
vclaim-sno-trump-cut-cdc-budget	U.S. President Donald Trump cut funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).	Did President Trump Cut the CDC Budget?
vclaim-sno-trump-cut-from-home-alone-2	"The CBC cut a scene featuring Donald Trump from its December 2019 broadcast of the movie ""Home Alone 2"" for political reasons."	Was Donald Trump Cut from ‘Home Alone 2’ for Political Reasons?
vclaim-sno-trump-cut-meals-on-wheels	"U.S. President Donald Trump explained his rationale for cutting the Meals on Wheels program as the elderly ""just get older and eventually die so it’s a very poor investment."""	Did Trump Cut Meals on Wheels Because the Elderly ‘Just Die Anyway’?
vclaim-sno-trump-death-hoax	"U.S. President Donald Trump was ""pronounced dead"" on June 27, 2020, and the media is covering it up."	No, President Trump Wasn’t ‘Pronounced Dead’
vclaim-sno-trump-death-penalty	The Trump administration executed more people in five months than the federal government executed during the previous five decades.	Did Trump Admin Execute More People in 5 Months Than Feds Did in Past 50 Years?
vclaim-sno-trump-defeats-covid19-coin	"The White House gift shop is selling a ""Trump Defeats COVID-19"" commemorative coin."	Is the White House Gift Shop Selling a ‘Trump Defeats COVID-19’ Coin?
vclaim-sno-trump-deflect-to-h1n1	U.S. President Donald Trump tried to deflect attention from his response to the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic by repeatedly comparing it to President Barack Obama's handling of the H1N1 pandemic.	Did Trump Try To Deflect Attention From His COVID-19 Response by Criticizing Obama’s to H1N1?
vclaim-sno-trump-deletes-global-warning-claim	Donald Trump deleted a years-old claim that China invented the concept of global warming from his Twitter account.	Trump Deletes ‘Global Warning’ Claim?
vclaim-sno-trump-democrat-poll-survey	"The ""Official 2020 Trump vs Democrat Poll"" was published on the president's official campaign website and was authentic."	Did Trump’s 2020 Campaign Publish a Heavily Slanted ‘Trump vs Democrat’ Poll?
vclaim-sno-trump-deport-aoc-omar	In July 2019, the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump initiated deportation proceedings against U.S. Reps. Ilhan Omar (D-Minn.) and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY).	Did the Trump Administration Try to Deport U.S. Reps. Omar and AOC?
vclaim-sno-trump-deport-women	Donald Trump has proposed the deportation of all women who have blonde hair and blue eyes.	Trump Calls for Deportation of All Women with Blonde Hair, Blue Eyes?
vclaim-sno-trump-described-the-electoral-college-as-a-disaster	Trump blasted the electoral college in 2012.	Donald Trump Described the Electoral College as a ‘Disaster’ in 2012
vclaim-sno-trump-detroit-voters-2020	Detroit recorded more votes cast than eligible voters living in the city in the 2020 general election.	Did Detroit Record More Votes Than Eligible Voters in 2020?
vclaim-sno-trump-diarrhea-golf-course	A photograph shows Donald Trump with a diarrhea stain on his golf pants.	Did President Trump Experience Diarrhea on a Golf Course?
vclaim-sno-trump-did-not-donate-to-nambla	Donald Trump won't release his tax returns because they reveal that he has donated millions of dollars to the North American Man/Boy Love Association.	Donald Trump Made Donations to NAMBLA?
vclaim-sno-trump-diet-coke-button-oval	"Former U.S. President Donald Trump had a ""Diet Coke button"" in the Oval Office."	Did Trump Have a ‘Diet Coke’ Button in the Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-trump-disabled-veterans-cuts	President Donald Trump's 2018 budget proposal calls for cuts in benefits to highly disabled veterans	Did Donald Trump’s 2018 Budget Proposal Cut Support for Disabled Veterans?
vclaim-sno-trump-discover-know-everything	"Donald Trump once questioned, ""How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?"""	Did Trump Ask, ‘How Can You Possibly Discover Anything If You Already Know Everything?’
vclaim-sno-trump-disgrace-world-girl	A video shows a little girl calling President Trump 'a disgrace to the world.'	Did a Little Girl Call President Trump a ‘Disgrace to the World’?
vclaim-sno-trump-disinfectants-covid-19	U.S. President Donald Trump suggested during a White House briefing that injecting disinfectants could treat COVID-19.	Did Trump Suggest Injecting Disinfectants as COVID-19 Treatment?
vclaim-sno-trump-display-names-campaign-donors-state-union	President Trump offered that those who donated to his reelection could have their name displayed during a Trump campaign-run livestream of the State of the Union address	Will President Trump Display the Names of Campaign Donors During the State of the Union?
vclaim-sno-trump-divorce-breast-implants	Donald Trump divorced Ivana Trump because her breast implants were imperfect, and he leaked that information to New York tabloids while they were married.	Donald Trump Divorced Ivana Because Her Breast Implants Felt Wrong?
vclaim-sno-trump-doctor-mueller	President Trump's physician wrote a note declaring that the chief executive is not well enough to speak with Robert Mueller.	Did Trump’s Doctor Say the President Was ‘Too Sick to Talk to Mueller’?
vclaim-sno-trump-dogs-veterans-day	President Trump abruptly closed the Dogs for Wounded Warriors program.	President Trump Abruptly Shuts Down Dogs for Wounded Warriors Program?
vclaim-sno-trump-dole-kiss-photo	A photograph shows President Trump kissing former senator Bob Dole on the forehead.	Did President Trump Kiss Bob Dole on the Forehead?
vclaim-sno-trump-donahue-atheist-1989	Donald Trump told Phil Donahue that he was an atheist in 1989.	No, Donald Trump Didn’t Tell Phil Donahue He Was an Atheist in 1989
vclaim-sno-trump-donate-salary-va	In May 2018 President Trump donated one-fourth of his $400,000-per-year salary to the Department of Veterans Affairs.	Did President Trump Donate His First-Quarter 2018 Salary to the Department of Veterans Affairs?
vclaim-sno-trump-donated-kamala-harris	U.S. President Donald Trump donated $6,000 to Kamala Harris' 2014 campaign for reelection as California attorney general.	Did Trump Donate to Kamala Harris’ Past Election Campaigns?
vclaim-sno-trump-donates-50k-to-charleston-shooter-family-to-move-him-to-safer-prison	"Donald Trump donated $50,000 to ensure suspected Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was transferred to a ""safer"" prison."	Trump Donates 50k to Charleston Shooter Family to Move Him to Safer Prison
vclaim-sno-trump-donations-veterans	The donations raised during a benefit event for veterans went to Donald J. Trump's personal foundation instead of veteran charities.	Some Concerned Over Trump Veteran Donations
vclaim-sno-trump-dow-jones-tweet	"Donald Trump tweeted in 2015 that the president should be shot out of a cannon if the ""Dow Joans"" dropped more than 1,000 points."	Did Trump Tweet That If ‘Dow Joans’ Tanked, the President Should Be Shot Out of a Cannon?
vclaim-sno-trump-down-syndrome-terminations	"U.S. President Donald Trump said people with Down syndrome ""risk being subjected to the too-often terminations of their lives before birth."""	Did Trump Say People with Down Syndrome Too Often Face ‘Terminations of Their Lives Before Birth’?
vclaim-sno-trump-drops-out-endorses-clinton	Donald Trump has dropped out of the 2016 presidential race and endorsed Hillary Clinton.	Trump: You People Really Believed Me?
vclaim-sno-trump-duckworth-lieutenant-no-legs	"U.S. President Donald Trump called U.S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth ""Lieutenant No Legs"" on social media in 2018."	Did Trump Call US Sen. Duckworth ‘Lieutenant No Legs’?
vclaim-sno-trump-economy-crashing-quote	Donald Trump said that America's economy crashing would get unemployed people off of welfare rolls and back to work.	Did Trump Say Crashing the Economy Would Get People Back to Work?
vclaim-sno-trump-economy-pandemic	Because of the work of U.S. President Donald Trump, the American economy added 11.6 million jobs in summer and fall 2020 — regaining nearly half the jobs lost at the start of the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Trump Add 11.6M Jobs to U.S. Economy During Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-end-shootings-ban-schools	President Donald Trump decided to ban schools in an effort to curb school shootings.	Does President Donald Trump Plan to End School Shootings — By Banning Schools?
vclaim-sno-trump-english-official-language	President Trump has established English as the official language of the United States.	Did President Trump Make English the U.S. Official Language?
vclaim-sno-trump-entities-criminal-probe	A half dozen Trump-related entities were under criminal investigation in December 2018.	Did Several Entities Related to President Trump Face Criminal Investigation in 2018?
vclaim-sno-trump-eo-seize-assets	President Trump issued an order authorizing the U.S. Treasury to freeze the assets of two former First Families, the Obamas and Clintons.	Did Trump Sign an Executive Order to Seize the Assets of Clinton and Obama?
vclaim-sno-trump-eo-vaccine-ban	President Trump signed an Executive Order banning childhood vaccinations for 90 days.	Did President Trump Enact a 90-Day Ban on Childhood Vaccinations?
vclaim-sno-trump-epstein-maralago-meme	A meme provides information exonerating U.S. President Donald Trump from any connection with Jeffrey Epstein's sex crimes.	Is This Meme About Trump and Epstein Accurate?
vclaim-sno-trump-ever-voted-by-mail	U.S. President Donald Trump has voted via mailed absentee ballot in United States elections.	Has President Trump Ever Voted by Mail?
vclaim-sno-trump-executive-order-biden	In September 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump said he might sign an executive order barring Joe Biden from ever becoming U.S. president.	Did Trump Say He Might Sign an Exec Order Barring Biden Presidency?
vclaim-sno-trump-executive-order-retired-air-force-pilots	"President Trump amended Executive Order 13223, recalling 1,000 retired Air Force pilots in a ""mini draft"" and in preparation for imminent war."	Did President Donald Trump Amend an Executive Order to Recall 1,000 Retired Air Force Pilots?
vclaim-sno-trump-face-mask-ford	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump wearing a protective face mask during a visit to a Ford manufacturing plant in spring 2020.	Does This Photo Show Trump Wearing a Protective Mask?
vclaim-sno-trump-fail-to-denounce-qanon	In an October 2020 town hall Q&A session, U.S. President Donald Trump failed to denounce QAnon, a fringe movement built on conspiracy theories positing a global pedophilic cabal and a “deep state” plot to undermine his presidency.	Did Trump Fail To Denounce QAnon Conspiracy Theories?
vclaim-sno-trump-faith-based-initiative	"In May 2018, President Donald Trump established a ""religious office"" to give religious groups a ""voice in government."""	Did President Trump Establish a ‘Religious Office’ in the White House?
vclaim-sno-trump-fake-time-covers	"Fake ""Time"" magazine covers featuring Donald Trump were found at several of his golf resorts."	Does Donald Trump Have Fake ‘Time’ Magazine Covers Displayed at His Resorts?
vclaim-sno-trump-family-donation-border-wall	The Trump family donated $1 billion to a GoFundMe money-raising effort for a border wall.	Did the Trump Family Donate $1 Billion to Fund the Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-trump-fans-racist-bitch-shirts	"A photograph shows a group of women wearing ""I'm a Racist Bitch"" T-shirts in support of U.S. President Donald Trump."	Are These Trump Supporters Wearing ‘Racist Bitch’ T-Shirts?
vclaim-sno-trump-fans-volunteer-for-duty	Thousands of young supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump enlisted in the military after the U.S.-ordered killing of Iran Gen. Qassem Soleimani.	Did Thousands of Young Trump Supporters Enlist After Soleimani’s Killing?
vclaim-sno-trump-farm-water-e-coli	An autumn 2018 outbreak of E. coli linked to romaine lettuce was caused by a decision by President Trump to reverse existing rules on agricultural water inspection.	Did President Donald Trump Overturn Farm Water Regulations, Causing an E. Coli Outbreak?
vclaim-sno-trump-fcc-alert-system	President Trump has the right and the means to send unblockable text mesage to all American cellular phones.	Can President Trump Send Unblockable Text Messages to Every American?
vclaim-sno-trump-fdr_bunker	"President Trump tweeted that FDR ""hid in a bunker during the protest of the Vietnam War."""	Did Trump Say FDR Hid in a Bunker During Vietnam Protests?
vclaim-sno-trump-federal-aid-california	President Trump refused to give federal support to California due to state's sanctuary cities.	Did President Trump Refuse to Give Federal Aid to California Because of the State’s Sanctuary Cities?
vclaim-sno-trump-federal-pay-raise-cut	"U.S. President Donald Trump cited ""serious economic conditions"" while proposing a cut to federal pay raises."	Did Trump Propose Cuts to Federal Pay Raises, Citing ‘Serious Economic Conditions’?
vclaim-sno-trump-federal-troops-chicago	A video shows federal troops in armored vehicles patrolling the streets of Chicago on President Trump's orders.	Did President Trump Send Federal Troops, Armored Vehicles to Chicago?
vclaim-sno-trump-fema-order-california-wildfires	In January 2019, President Donald Trump ordered FEMA to stop or cancel funding for its disaster assistance efforts in California.	Did Trump Order FEMA to ‘Send No More Money’ for California Wildfire Aid?
vclaim-sno-trump-filed-reelection-stop-political-speech-nonprofits	President Trump filed for re-election early, which means non-profits can't criticize him without losing their tax-exempt status.	President Trump Filed for Re-Election Early to Stop Political Speech of Nonprofits?
vclaim-sno-trump-financial-interests-saudi-arabia	Despite his claims to the contrary, President Trump has ongoing financial interests in Saudi Arabia.	Does President Trump Have Financial Interests in Saudi Arabia?
vclaim-sno-trump-fine-stealing-veterans	"The New York Supreme Court ordered President Donald Trump to pay $2 million as punishment for ""stealing"" charitable donations intended for veterans groups."	Was Donald Trump Fined for ‘Stealing’ Money Intended for Veterans?
vclaim-sno-trump-finger-gesture-astronaut	U.S. President Donald Trump brandished his middle finger as a gesture of disdain, disrespect, or anger towards an astronaut who publicly corrected him.	Did President Trump Flip Off an Astronaut Who Corrected Him?
vclaim-sno-trump-fire-all-politically-appointed-ambassadors-unprecedented	Donald Trump gave an unprecedented order for all politically appointed ambassadors to resign immediately.	Did Donald Trump Fire All Politically Appointed Ambassadors in an Unprecedented Move?
vclaim-sno-trump-fire-gay-workers	President Donald Trump's administration said that employers are allowed to fire workers if they are gay.	Did the Trump Administration Say Employers Can Fire Workers for Being Gay?
vclaim-sno-trump-fire-pandemic-team	The Trump administration fired the U.S. pandemic response team in 2018 to cut costs.	Did Trump Administration Fire the US Pandemic Response Team?
vclaim-sno-trump-fired-cecil-gaines	President Trump fired longtime White House butler Cecil Gaines for disobedience.	Did President Trump Fire White House Butler Cecil Gaines?
vclaim-sno-trump-first-western-wall	President Trump was the first U.S. president to visit the Western Wall.	Was Trump the First U.S. President to Visit the Western Wall?
vclaim-sno-trump-fist-pump-911	"A photograph shows President Trump making a ""fist-pumping"" hand gesture at a memorial for 9/11 victims."	Did President Trump Fist-Pump at a 9/11 Memorial?
vclaim-sno-trump-fistpump-cancer-greeting	President Trump's notorious 'fist pump' at a Pennsylvania airport on 9/11 was offered as a greeting to a cancer victim.	Was President Trump’s 9/11 ‘Fist Pump’ a Greeting to a Cancer Victim?
vclaim-sno-trump-flag-symbol-love	President Trump tweeted that the Confederate flag is a 'symbol of love.'	Did Trump Tweet That the Confederate Flag Is a ‘Symbol of Love’?
vclaim-sno-trump-flag-wrong-color	In August 2018, President Donald Trump colored a stripe blue on a U.S. flag template.	Did President Trump Incorrectly Color the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-trump-flies-sick-boy	Donald Trump's jet private carried a critically ill 3-year-old Jewish boy from California to New York for medical treatment.	Did Trump’s Private Jet Carry a Sick Child from California to New York?
vclaim-sno-trump-floatie-breathe-protesters	A man wearing a Trump-shaped floatation device was charged with assault for breathing on people.	Was a Man in a Trump-Shaped Floatie Charged with Assault for Breathing on People?
vclaim-sno-trump-flushing-toilets	"In December 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump said he had instructed the EPA to examine existing regulations limiting water pressure in toilets and showers, and claimed ""People are flushing toilets 10 times, 15 times."""	Did Trump Express Concerns Over Toilet Regulations?
vclaim-sno-trump-food-assistance-700000	The Trump administration in the U.S. is ending food assistance for nearly 700,000 people.	Is the Trump Admin Ending Food Assistance for Nearly 700,000 People?
vclaim-sno-trump-forehead-tattoo	"A photograph shows a man with the word ""Trump"" tattooed across his forehead."	Is ‘Trump’ Tattooed on This Man’s Forehead?
vclaim-sno-trump-foreign-students-tweet	Donald Trump tweeted that foreigners attending college in the United States who want to stay 'should not be thrown out of our country.'	Did Trump Say Foreigners Attending College in the US ‘Should Not Be Thrown Out’?
vclaim-sno-trump-funeral-apostles-creed	President Trump did not recite the Apostles' Creed as other attendees did during George H.W. Bush's funeral.	Did President Trump Not Recite the Apostles’ Creed During President Bush’s Funeral?
vclaim-sno-trump-g7-no-notes	Donald Trump did not have notes or note-taking paraphernalia at a G7 leaders' summit.	Does Donald Trump Sit Through Meetings of World Leaders Without Notes?
vclaim-sno-trump-gamble-court-case	Judge Kavanaugh, if confirmed to the Supreme Court, could be a deciding vote on a case that has the potential to dramatically increase the power of the presidential pardon.	Could a Case Currently Before the Supreme Court Result in a Stronger Presidential Pardon?
vclaim-sno-trump-generals-tom-cruise	"During a cabinet meeting, President Donald Trump recalled a previous meeting with U.S. military leaders, remarking that they were ""better looking than Tom Cruise, and stronger."""	Did President Trump Say U.S. Generals Were ‘Better Looking Than Tom Cruise, and Stronger’?
vclaim-sno-trump-george-floyd-great-day	"On June 5, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump stated during a talk about employment numbers that it was a ""great day"" for George Floyd, a black man who was killed May 25 after a Minneapolis police officer kneeled on his neck."	Did Trump Say ‘This Is a Great Day’ for George Floyd?
vclaim-sno-trump-george-soros-go-to-hell	"At the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, President Trump told billionaire George Soros to ""go to hell."""	Did Trump Tell George Soros to ‘Go to Hell’ at Davos?
vclaim-sno-trump-georgia-runoff	In Georgia's U.S. Senate runoff election on Jan. 5, 2021, a majority of write-in ballots for Trump would elect him to the U.S. Senate, or alternatively, undermine Republican candidates.	Could Write-In Ballots for Trump in Georgia Runoffs Elect Him to US Senate?
vclaim-sno-trump-ghislaine-maxwell-briefing	During a White House press briefing regarding COVID-19, U.S. President Donald Trump said that he knew Ghislaine Maxwell and wished her well.	Did Trump Wish Ghislaine Maxwell Well During a Briefing?
vclaim-sno-trump-give-1-million-bahamas	U.S. President Donald Trump personally donated $1 million to the relief fund for the Bahamas after Hurricane Dorian.	Did Trump Personally Donate $1M to Bahamas Relief Fund?
vclaim-sno-trump-golf-rallies-coronavirus	U.S. President Donald Trump golfed several times and held a number of rallies after learning about the threat of the coronavirus.	Did Trump Golf, Hold Rallies After Learning About COVID-19 Threat?
vclaim-sno-trump-golf-simulator	In early 2019, President Donald Trump bought and installed a golf simulator in the White House.	Did President Donald Trump Install a ‘Golf Simulator’ in the White House?
vclaim-sno-trump-goodyear-tweet	An image shows an angry tweet by U.S. President Donald Trump about Goodyear tires which was full of misspellings.	Did Trump Tweet This About Goodyear?
vclaim-sno-trump-governors-covid-19	"U.S. President Donald Trump said ""hundreds"" of governors are calling him amid the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic."	Did Trump Say ‘Hundreds’ of Governors Are Calling Him Amid COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-governors-supplies	"U.S. President Donald Trump said state governors must ""treat me well"" in order to obtain masks and ventilators from federal reserves."	Did Trump Say Governors Had To Treat Him Well To Get COVID-19 Supplies?
vclaim-sno-trump-hannity-usps	"U.S. President Donald Trump said on ""Sean Hannity Radio"" that the United States Postal Service is the most ""anti-American"" way to vote, and that he would try and dismantle it."	Did Trump Call USPS ‘Most Corrupt and Anti-American Way of Voting’?
vclaim-sno-trump-haters-supporters-flags	An image shows a group of Trump haters waving only foreign flags, and a group of Trump supporters waving American flags.	Trump Haters and Trump Supporters
vclaim-sno-trump-health-deteriorating-pressures	"Health officials announced in June 2017 that Donald Trump's health is ""deteriorating."""	Is Trump’s Health Deteriorating as White House Pressures Mount?
vclaim-sno-trump-healthcare-lesley-stahl	"In October 2020, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany gave ""60 Minutes"" reporter Lesley Stahl a large book of U.S. President Donald Trump's healthcare accomplishments, which was blank."	Did the White House Give Lesley Stahl a Blank Book of Trump’s Healthcare Accomplishments?
vclaim-sno-trump-hitler-heritage-tweet	A tweet by President Trump about preserving American heritage and history echoed a speech given by Adolf Hitler in 1939.	Did Trump’s Tweet About Saving ‘Heritage’ Echo a Hitler Speech?
vclaim-sno-trump-hitler-mein-kampf	"Donald Trump said reading ""Mein Kampf"" in college had a profound effect on him and he has tremendous respect for Adolf Hitler as a leader."	Did Donald Trump Say ‘Mein Kampf’ Had a ‘Profound Effect’ on Him?
vclaim-sno-trump-hold-bible-upside-down	U.S. President Donald Trump was photographed holding the Bible upside down outside St John's Episcopal church on June 1, 2020.	Did Trump Hold the Bible Upside Down?
vclaim-sno-trump-holding-jesus-king-shirt	"A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump's holding a ""Jesus is King"" T-shirt."	Is This a Real Image of President Trump’s Holding a ‘Jesus Is King’ T-Shirt?
vclaim-sno-trump-hotel-anti-cnn-petitions	The Trump International Hotel in Washington D.C. handed out flyers promoting an anti-CNN petition to guests at check-in.	Is Trump International Hotel Handing Out Anti-CNN Petitions?
vclaim-sno-trump-hotel-price-hike-march-4	Room rates at Donald Trump's Washington, D.C., hotel spiked dramatically for March 4, 2021 — the date on which some conspiracy theorists believe he will be inaugurated again.	Did Trump’s DC Hotel Hike Prices on Date of His Fictional ‘2nd Inauguration’?
vclaim-sno-trump-hotels-lease-violation-action-alert	Citizens can prompt an investigation into Donald Trump's leasing of Washington, D.C. structure used as a hotel by e-mailing the General Services Administration (GSA), which is tallying messages.	Trump Hotels Lease Violation ‘Action Alert’
vclaim-sno-trump-hunting-bald-eagles	President Trump signed an executive order permitting people to hunt the national bird.	President Trump Signs Executive Order Allowing the Hunting of Bald Eagles?
vclaim-sno-trump-if-soldiers-were-real-patriots	In a speech to U.S. military personnel, President Trump said if soldiers were real patriots, they wouldn't take a pay raise.	Did President Trump Say If Soldiers Were ‘Real Patriots,’ They Wouldn’t Take a Pay Raise?
vclaim-sno-trump-immigration-order-obama	President Trump's executive order limiting travel and immigration from certain countries was made possible under a bill signed into law by President Obama in 2015.	Did the Obama Administration Select the Countries Affected by President Trump’s Immigration Order?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeach-market-crash	President Trump said that “everybody would be very poor” if he were impeached.	Did President Trump Say “Everybody Would Be Very Poor” If He Were Impeached?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeachment-air-force-one	Former U.S. President Donald Trump said that he would testify during his second impeachment trial if could to travel to Washington, D.C., on Air Force One.	Did Trump Say He Would Testify at Impeachment Trial if He Could Take Air Force One?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeachment-dow-jones	"In November 2012, Donald Trump proclaimed on Twitter that ""If the Dow drops 1,000 points in two days the President should be impeached immediately!"""	Did Donald Trump Say the Sitting President Should Be Impeached If the Dow Jones Loses 1,000 Points in Two Days?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeachment-misspelling	"Former U.S. President Donald Trump's legal team misspelled ""United States"" on the brief responding to Trump's second impeachment charges."	Did Trump’s Legal Team Misspell ‘United States’ in His Impeachment Brief?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeachment-votes	U.S. President Donald Trump was impeached with more votes than any other president in American history.	Was Trump Impeached With More Votes Than Any Other US President?
vclaim-sno-trump-impeachment-witness-die	An American diplomat named Melanie Honcharenko was found dead shortly before testifying in the impeachment inquiry against U.S. President Donald Trump.	Was Trump Impeachment Witness ‘Melanie Honcharenko’ Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-trump-inappropriate-comment-daughter-tiffany	"President Donald Trump posted a suggestive comment on Twitter about his daughter's ""skintight"" dress."	Did Donald Trump Tweet About Daughter Tiffany’s ‘Skintight’ Dress?
vclaim-sno-trump-inaugural-address-plagiarism	Donald Trump plagiarized portions of 'Bee Movie' and 'Avatar' for his inaugural address.	Did Trump Plagiarize His Inaugural Address from ‘Bee Movie’ and ‘Avatar?’
vclaim-sno-trump-inauguration-viewership	Donald Trump's 2017 swearing-in was the most viewed presidential inauguration in history.	Was Donald Trump’s Inauguration the Most Viewed in History?
vclaim-sno-trump-inherit-depleted-military	"U.S. President Donald Trump inherited a ""depleted"" military from President Obama."	Did Trump Inherit a ‘Depleted’ Military From Obama?
vclaim-sno-trump-insult-minorities-disabilities-twitter	President Trump tweeted on 14 February 2017 that Betsy DeVos was correct in suggesting disabled students are disruptive in the classroom.	Did Donald Trump Insult Minorities, Students with Disabilities on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-trump-intelligence-quote	"President Trump said, ""I can do my job without any intelligence whatsoever."""	Did President Trump Say ‘I Can Do My Job Without Any Intelligence Whatsoever?’
vclaim-sno-trump-iran-tweets-obama	On multiple occasions Donald Trump tweeted predictions that President Obama would order an attack on Iran.	Did Trump Tweet Multiple Predictions That Obama Would Attack Iran?
vclaim-sno-trump-ireland-tax	As of October 2017, Ireland plans to reduce its rate of corporation tax to 8 percent.	Is Ireland Lowering Its Corporate Tax Rate?
vclaim-sno-trump-israel-cancer-patient	President Trump 'slipped out of sight for a few hours' to visit pediatric cancer Patient Emilee Imbar.	Did President Trump Visit a Pediatric Cancer Patient During Israel Visit?
vclaim-sno-trump-italy-ally-ancient-times	During an October 2019 press conference, U.S. President Donald Trump claimed the U.S. and Italy had been allies for thousands of years.	Did Trump Say Italy and U.S. Have Been Allies for Thousands of Years?
vclaim-sno-trump-italy-mozzarella-president	In October 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump called Italy's president 'Mozzarella' and claimed the U.S. and Italy had been allies for thousands of years.	Did Donald Trump Call Italy’s President ‘Mozzarella’?
vclaim-sno-trump-ivanka-chametz	President Donald Trump signed an executive order to buy all of his daughter Ivanka's chametz.	Did Donald Trump Sign an Executive Order to Buy Ivanka’s Chametz?
vclaim-sno-trump-jr-impeached-deplorable	"Donald Trump Jr. taunted the Clintons in 2016 by tweeting that being impeached was ""deplorable."""	Did Donald Trump Jr. Tweet That Being Impeached Was ‘Deplorable’?
vclaim-sno-trump-jr-rush-limbaugh	"Donald Trump, Jr. called conservative radio host and commentator Rush Limbaugh a ""true American icon."""	Did Donald Trump Jr. Call Rush Limbaugh a ‘True American Icon’?
vclaim-sno-trump-jr-women-rape	"Donald Trump Jr. said: ""My father doesn't need to rape women. It's more likely a woman would rape him. That's how popular he is."""	Did Donald Trump Jr. Say This About Women, Rape, and the President?
vclaim-sno-trump-jr-women-workforce	Donald Trump, Jr. said  that if women can't handle harassment in the workplace, they should teach kindergarten.	Did Donald Trump Jr Say ‘Women Who Can’t Handle Workplace Harassment Shouldn’t Work’?
vclaim-sno-trump-juneteenth-famous	President Donald Trump bragged that he “made Juneteenth very famous.”	Did Trump Brag That He ‘Made Juneteenth Very Famous’?
vclaim-sno-trump-just-raided-epa	Executive branch agents raided and shut down the EPA.	Trump Just Raided His Own EPA?
vclaim-sno-trump-kansas-city-tweet	President Trump congratulated the wrong state for the Chiefs' 2020 Super Bowl win.	Did Trump Congratulate the Wrong State for the Chiefs’ Super Bowl Win?
vclaim-sno-trump-kissing-epstein-photo	A photograph shows U.S. President Trump kissing convicted sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein.	Is This Photo of Trump Kissing Epstein Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-kkk-cross-burning	Donald Trump was pictured at a cross burning with the KKK.	Does This Photograph Show Donald Trump at a KKK Cross Burning?
vclaim-sno-trump-kushner-qatar	President Donald Trump and Jared Kushner have used their public offices to manipulate Gulf countries for personal gain.	Did President Trump Strong Arm Qatar Into Bailing Out Jared Kushner?
vclaim-sno-trump-laugh-immigrants-shot	U.S. President Donald Trump laughed during a rally in Florida when an audience member suggested shooting migrants.	Did Trump Laugh When Audience Member at Rally Suggested Shooting Immigrants?
vclaim-sno-trump-laziness-is-a-trait-in-blacks	"Donald Trump said, ""Laziness is a trait in blacks ... I believe that. No black person will be president again any time soon."""	Did Trump Say ‘Laziness Is a Trait in Blacks; No Black President Again Any Time Soon’?
vclaim-sno-trump-leaks-classified-info	Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump leaked classified information about a U.S. military base in Saudi Arabia after receiving his first national security intelligence briefing.	Trump Leaks Classified Info After Intelligence Briefing
vclaim-sno-trump-leave-office	U.S. President Donald Trump said he will not leave office at the end of his elected term.	Did Trump Say He Won’t Leave Office at End of Elected Term?
vclaim-sno-trump-legal-team-four-seasons	A Rudy Giuliani news conference falsely claiming mass voter fraud in the 2020 presidential election was held at Four Seasons Total Landscaping instead of the Four Seasons Hotel.	Did Trump’s Legal Team Hold a News Conference at Four Seasons Total Landscaping?
vclaim-sno-trump-legally-blonde-speech	"A commencement speech delivered by President Trump at Liberty University in May 2017 bore remarkable similarities to one given by Reese Witherspoon's character in the 2001 film ""Legally Blonde."""	Did President Trump Plagiarize His Commencement Speech from ‘Legally Blonde’?
vclaim-sno-trump-letter-schumer	U.S. President Trump wrote Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-New York, a letter blaming the state's medical-supply shortage amid an ongoing pandemic on impeachment proceedings against Trump.	Is This a Real Letter from Trump to US Sen. Chuck Schumer?
vclaim-sno-trump-letter-to-erdogan-turkey	"U.S. President Trump sent Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan a letter urging him, ""Don't be a fool!"""	Did Trump Send Letter to Turkish Prez Erdogan Saying ‘Don’t Be a Fool’?
vclaim-sno-trump-letters-succuess	"The Trump administration sent a letter to recipients of the President's Education Award, misspelling the word ""success."""	Did President Trump Send Letters Lauding Middle Schoolers on Their ‘Succuess’?
vclaim-sno-trump-library-of-congress	Donald Trump has vowed to get rid of the Library of Congress if elected President.	Trump Vows to ‘Get Rid of the Library of Congress’
vclaim-sno-trump-lincoln-dishonest	Donald Trump called Abraham Lincoln a traitor.	Donald Trump: ‘Abraham Lincoln Was a Dishonest Traitor’
vclaim-sno-trump-literally-saved-christianity	"Eric Trump declared that his father, U.S. President Donald Trump, ""literally saved Christianity."""	Did Eric Trump Say His Father ‘Literally Saved Christianity’?
vclaim-sno-trump-live-let-die-song-mask	"During the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic, U.S. President Donald Trump visited a manufacturing plant without wearing a face mask as Guns N' Roses' rendition of ""Live and Let Die"" played on loudspeakers during his visit."	Did ‘Live and Let Die’ Play as Trump Toured Factory Without COVID-19 Mask?
vclaim-sno-trump-london-street	A photograph captures a crowd of Londoners lining a street to welcome U.S. President Donald Trump to the UK.	Does This Photograph Show a Crowd of Trump Supporters in London?
vclaim-sno-trump-lose-followers-first-time	"In late November 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump's number of Twitter followers decreased ""for the first time."""	Did Trump Lose Twitter Followers for the First Time After 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-trump-loser-of-the-year	"One of Europe's biggest magazines named U.S. President Donald Trump its ""loser of the year."""	Was Trump Named ‘Loser of the Year’ by One of Europe’s Biggest Magazines?
vclaim-sno-trump-love-poorly-educated	"Donald Trump once said, ""I love the poorly educated."""	Did Trump Say, ‘I Love the Poorly Educated’?
vclaim-sno-trump-madame-tussauds-golf-election	In November 2020, Madame Tussauds in London replaced the business suit on its effigy of Donald Trump with a golfing outfit.	Did Madame Tussauds Dress Trump Statue in Golf Attire After Election Defeat?
vclaim-sno-trump-made-america-the-best-sign	"A photograph shows a sign reading ""Trump Made America the Best Country in the Nation."""	Is This ‘Trump Made America the Best Country in the Nation’ Sign Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-madonna-maradona	U.S. President Donald Trump mistakenly mourned the loss of singer Madonna on Twitter following the death of soccer star Diego Maradona.	No, Trump Didn’t Mistake Madonna for Maradona
vclaim-sno-trump-makeup-tan-photo	A December 2019 photograph showing Donald Trump with two markedly different skin tones on his face, was authentic and unedited.	Is This an Authentic Photograph of President Trump?
vclaim-sno-trump-manson-image-real	An image of U.S. President Donald Trump and convicted killer Charles Manson was widely circulated by the president's supporters who mistook Manson for Jesus.	Is This an Image of Trump and Manson Being Shared by Trump Supporters?
vclaim-sno-trump-manson-pardon	President Trump posthumously pardoned notorious 1960s criminal Charles Manson.	Did President Trump Posthumously Pardon Charles Manson?
vclaim-sno-trump-many-per-capitas	"In responding to a question about per capita coronavirus testing, President Trump asserted ""there's many per capitas"" and questioned ""per capita relative to what?"""	Did Trump Say ‘There’s Many Per Capitas’?
vclaim-sno-trump-maralago-flagpole	Donald Trump violated Palm Beach ordinances by putting up an outsized U.S. flag and pole, then donating the money he was fined to veterans' organizations.	Donald Trump’s Outsized Flagpole
vclaim-sno-trump-marine-one-photo	A photograph shows President Trump boarding Marine One.	Is This a Genuine Photograph of President Trump Boarding Marine One?
vclaim-sno-trump-marines-hat	CNN aired a video showing President Donald Trump assaulting a Marine and then tearing off his hat.	Did Donald Trump Assault a Marine Then Rip Off His Cover?
vclaim-sno-trump-martial-law-imminent	Credible sources said U.S. President Donald Trump was preparing to invoke martial law before President-elect Joe Biden's inauguration on Jan. 20, 2021.	Is Martial Law ‘Imminent’ Before Biden’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-trump-mask-below-his-nose	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump wearing a face mask below his nose.	Was Trump Caught Wearing His Mask Below His Nose?
vclaim-sno-trump-mattis-mad-dog	"U.S. President Donald Trump coined the nickname ""Mad Dog"" for retired Marine Corps General James Mattis."	Did Trump Give Mattis the Nickname ‘Mad Dog’?
vclaim-sno-trump-meals-on-wheels	President Donald Trump has announced budget cuts that would end the Meals on Wheels program.	Did President Trump Announce Plans to End the ‘Meals on Wheels’ Program?
vclaim-sno-trump-memo-transgender-people	The Trump administration issued a memo in July 2020 that listed physical characteristic to look for in order to identify incoming transgender people at federally funded homeless shelters.	Did Trump Admin Memo Explain How To Spot Transgender People?
vclaim-sno-trump-memorial-day-tweet	President Trump tweeted over the 2020 Memorial Day weekend that he 'sacrificed a lot to be your president.'	Did Trump Tweet That He ‘Sacrificed a Lot To Be Your President’?
vclaim-sno-trump-mexicans-peachy-cool-arrow	"U.S. President Donald Trump said Mexicans love him, and refer to him as a ""peachy cool arrow."""	Did Trump Say Mexicans Call Him a ‘Peachy Cool Arrow’?
vclaim-sno-trump-michelle-obama-11-billion	President Donald Trump is billing Michelle Obama for buying yachts, furniture, and other items while she was First Lady.	Is President Trump Billing Michelle Obama For $11 Billion?
vclaim-sno-trump-michigan-man-year-award	U.S. President Donald Trump was honored with a Man of the Year award at an event in Michigan five or six years before he “thought about running” for president.	Did Trump Win Michigan’s ‘Man of the Year’ Award?
vclaim-sno-trump-military-ammunition	U.S. President Donald Trump said the military didn't have any ammunition when he took office.	Did Trump Say the Military Had No Ammunition When He Took Office?
vclaim-sno-trump-military-coup-photo	While in Mar-a-Lago, former U.S. President Donald Trump participated in a video conference with the American military to plan a coup so he could retake the White House.	Does a Photo Show Trump Planning a Military Coup?
vclaim-sno-trump-military-inaugural-parade	Donald Trump requested tanks and missile launchers at his inaugural parade.	Did Donald Trump Want Tanks and Missiles at His Inaugural Parade?
vclaim-sno-trump-military-parade	President Trump is planning a military parade for the 4th of July in 2019.	Is President Trump Planning a Military Parade for the Fourth of July?
vclaim-sno-trump-military-votes-florida	If carried out, President Donald Trump's 12 November proposal to finalize the election night results of two contests in Florida would exclude ballots mailed by U.S. military personnel overseas.	Would a Proposal by President Trump Exclude Overseas Military Votes in Florida’s Elections?
vclaim-sno-trump-misleading-russian-blackmail	Top advisers to President Trump believe he is misleading them about being blackmailed by Russia.	Do Trump’s Top Advisers Believe He is Misleading Them About Russian Blackmail?
vclaim-sno-trump-mob-capitol	Antifa, not a mob of Trump supporters, violently clashed with police and broke into the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.	Were Pro-Trump Mobs Storming the Capitol on Jan. 6 Actually Antifa?
vclaim-sno-trump-mocking-jesus-hate-crime	U.S. President Donald Trump advocated legislation that would make mocking or ridiculing Jesus Christ a hate crime.	Does Trump Want to Make Mocking Jesus a ‘Hate Crime’?
vclaim-sno-trump-mocks-trudeau-celebrating-thanksgiving-six-weeks-early	President Trump mocked Prime Minister Trudeau for celebrating Thanksgiving six weeks early.	Did Trump Mock Trudeau for Celebrating Thanksgiving Six Weeks Early?
vclaim-sno-trump-moderna-stock	Donald Trump owns stock in the vaccine developer Moderna, Inc.	Does Trump Own Stock in Moderna?
vclaim-sno-trump-more-popular-than-fried-chicken	"Presidential candidate Donald Trump said he'll be ""more popular than fried chicken and watermelon"" in the black community."	Did Trump Say He’d Be ‘More Popular Than Fried Chicken, Watermelon in the Black Community’?
vclaim-sno-trump-more-testing-look-bad	U.S. President Donald Trump said that increased COVID-19 testing makes the U.S. look bad by increasing coronavirus case numbers.	Did Trump Say More COVID-19 Testing Makes the US Look Bad?
vclaim-sno-trump-mouth-musical-instrument	In a 2018 rally, President Trump compared his mouth to Elton John’s organ, adding that the brain is “hopefully attached to the mouth.”	Did Trump Refer to His Mouth as a Musical Instrument ‘Hopefully’ Attached to the Brain?
vclaim-sno-trump-murder-carolyn-gombell	Donald Trump murdered a woman named Carolyn Gombell in 2000.	No, Trump Didn’t Murder a Woman Named Carolyn Gombell
vclaim-sno-trump-my-blood-is-the-vaccine	"U.S. President Donald Trump posted a message on Twitter that read, ""My blood IS the vaccine."""	Did Trump Tweet ‘My Blood IS the Vaccine’?
vclaim-sno-trump-my-crimes-investigated	"As part of a federal lawsuit, U.S. President Donald Trump admitted criminal wrongdoing and said or argued to the effect that ""My crimes can't be investigated while I'm president."""	Did Donald Trump Admit Criminal Wrongdoing, Argue ‘My Crimes Can’t Be Investigated While I’m President’?
vclaim-sno-trump-native-american-bureau-indian-affairs	President Donald Trump appointed a Native American to run the Bureau of Indian Affairs, for the first time in U.S. history.	Did Donald Trump Appoint the First Native American to Lead the Bureau of Indian Affairs?
vclaim-sno-trump-navajo-twitter	President Trump disparaged Navajos on Twitter on 20 January 2017.	Did President Trump Insult Navajos on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-trump-negro-census	"The Trump White House is considering resuming the use of ""negro"" as a racial category."	Is the Trump Administration Planning to Bring Back Government Use of the Word ‘Negro’?
vclaim-sno-trump-new-bot-followers	President Donald Trump got five million new Twitter followers in three days, and most of them are bots.	Did President Trump’s Twitter Account Gain Five Million New Bot Followers in Three Days?
vclaim-sno-trump-new-high-school-text	"A new high school textbook describes U.S. President Donald Trump as ""mentally ill"" and his supporters as racist."	Does a ‘New’ School Textbook Describe President Trump as Mentally Ill and His Supporters Racist?
vclaim-sno-trump-nfl-lawsuit	"The NFL gave Donald Trump a ""lifetime ban"" after he was involved in a disastrous lawsuit against the league."	Did the NFL Give Donald Trump a Lifetime Ban After a Disastrous Lawsuit?
vclaim-sno-trump-nixon-attack-the-presss	U.S. Presidents Donald Trump and Richard Nixon both said that their attacks on journalists were designed to destroy the credibility of news stories.	Did Trump and Nixon Say They Attack Journalists to Destroy Their Credibility?
vclaim-sno-trump-nj-rally-trash	"Photographs show that Trump supporters had ""trashed everything in sight"" at a rally in Wildwood, New Jersey."	Do Photos Show Trash Left Behind at NJ Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-trump-no-wash-trick	"Donald Trump  advocated not washing hands after using the restroom as a ""power play"" in his 1987 book The Art of the Deal."	Did Donald Trump Advocate a ‘No-Wash’ Bathroom Trick in ‘The Art of the Deal’?
vclaim-sno-trump-noble-prize-tweets	"U.S. President Donald Trump posted (and then deleted) tweets calling for the revocation of ""Noble Prizes"" awarded to ""lamestream media"" reporters."	Did Trump Tweet That Reporters Should Return ‘Noble’ Prizes?
vclaim-sno-trump-nobody-likes-me	U.S. President Donald Trump said “Nobody likes me” during a live White House COVID-19 press briefing.	Did Trump Say ‘Nobody Likes Me’?
vclaim-sno-trump-nominated-nobel-prize	U.S. President Donald Trump has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.	Was Trump Nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize?
vclaim-sno-trump-nominating-dr-oz-presidential-council-sport-fitness-nutrition	President Trump intends to nominate Dr. Oz to the Presidential Council on Sport, Fitness and Nutrition.	Is Trump Nominating Dr. Oz to the Presidential Council on Sport, Fitness and Nutrition?
vclaim-sno-trump-northam-abortion-execute	"Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam ""stated he would execute a baby after birth."""	Did Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam Say He Would ‘Execute a Baby After Birth’?
vclaim-sno-trump-not-a-fan-of-vietnam-war	"U.S. President Donald Trump stated he didn't serve in the Vietnam War because he was ""never a fan"" of it."	Did Trump Say He Didn’t Serve in Vietnam Because He Was ‘Never a Fan’?
vclaim-sno-trump-nuke-hurricanes	U.S. President Donald Trump has asked his advisers about the feasibility of stopping hurricanes with nuclear bombs.	Did Trump Ask Advisers About ‘Nuking’ Hurricanes?
vclaim-sno-trump-nullify-quran-oaths	President Trump instructed his acting secretary of state to nullify oaths taken on the Quran.	Did Trump Instruct Acting Secretary of State to Nullify Oaths Taken on Qurans?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-bin-laden	Donald Trump declared in 2012 that people should stop congratulating President Obama for the killing of Osama bin Laden.	Did Trump Say to ‘Stop Congratulating Obama for Killing Bin Laden’?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-cleaning-staff-drugs	President Trump's personal housekeeper found President Obama's drug stash during a deep cleaning of the White House.	Trump ‘Humiliates’ Obama After White House Cleaning Staff Finds ‘Secret Stash’ of Drugs?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-ebola-tweet	In October 2014, Donald Trump tweeted that U.S. President Barack Obama should resign because a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea returned to the U.S.	Did Trump Call for Obama to Resign After Ebola Doctor Returned to U.S.?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-emoluments	U.S. President Donald Trump said that former President Barack Obama wrote the emoluments clause of the Constitution.	Did Trump Claim Obama Wrote the Emoluments Clause of U.S. Constitution?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-golf	President Trump played golf six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing his predecessor's golfing habits.	Did Trump Golf Six Times After Complaining About Obama’s Golfing Habits?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-highway-name-change	"President Donald Trump ordered that the name of Florida's ""Obama Highway"" be changed back to the ""Old Dixie Highway."""	Did Trump Change the Name of the ‘Obama Highway’ Back to the ‘Old Dixie Highway?’
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-nfl-tweet	In 2013, Donald Trump criticized President Obama for interfering in an NFL team issue.	Donald Trump: The President Shouldn’t Tell NFL Teams What to Do?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-plane	Former U.S. President Barack Obama purchased a $200 million plane, and President Donald Trump opened an investigation into Obama's finances.	Did Trump Look Into Obama’s ‘Financials’ After He Bought a $200M Plane?
vclaim-sno-trump-obama-salary-donations	Donald Trump donates his entire presidential salary and Melania Trump has a White House staff of only four, while President Obama donated nothing and First Lady Michelle Obama had a staff of 23.	Does Trump Donate All of His Presidential Salary, While Obama Donated None?
vclaim-sno-trump-obamacare-advertising-enrollment	The Trump administration announced it would be spending 90 percent less on advertising a shortened open enrollment period for Obamacare in 2018.	Did Donald Trump Cut Funding for Obamacare Enrollment Publicity?
vclaim-sno-trump-odd-shaped-motorcade	An image shows President Trump's motorcade riding in a penis formation.	Did President Trump Ride in a Penis-Shaped Motorcade?
vclaim-sno-trump-office-former-president	Former U.S. President Donald Trump opened an “Office of the Former President” in Palm Beach, Florida, to issue statements from and to share his post-presidency plans.	Did Trump Open an ‘Office of the Former President’ in Palm Beach?
vclaim-sno-trump-official-statue-liberty	A Trump administration official moved to change the poem inscribed on the base of the Statue of Liberty in New York.	Did a Trump Official Move to Change the Poem on the Statue of Liberty?
vclaim-sno-trump-oldies-die-tweet-real	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that ""some oldies will have to die"" during the COVID-19 coronavirus disease pandemic in order for American shops to reopen."	Did Trump Tweet ‘Some Oldies Will Have to Die’?
vclaim-sno-trump-omarosa-wedding	President Donald Trump bore the cost of his then-adviser Omarosa Manigault Newman's April 2017 wedding.	Did President Trump Pay for Omarosa Manigault Newman’s Wedding?
vclaim-sno-trump-on-mount-rushmore	U.S. President Donald Trump has suggested he wants his image added to Mount Rushmore.	Has Trump Suggested He Wants His Image on Mount Rushmore?
vclaim-sno-trump-order-climate-change	"Donald Trump signed an executive order naming climate change as a threat ""both to the economy and national security."""	Did President Donald Trump Sign an Executive Order on Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-trump-order-isis-leader-capture-jfk	As a result of President Trump's January 2017 executive order on immigration, an Islamic State leader was captured at a New York airport.	Did President Trump’s Immigration Executive Order Lead to the Capture of an Islamic State Leader?
vclaim-sno-trump-order-popular-vote-winner	President Trump signed an executive order naming himself winner of the popular vote.	Did President Trump Sign an Executive Order Naming Himself the Popular Vote Winner?
vclaim-sno-trump-orderly-transition-power	"U.S. President Donald Trump wasn't given an ""orderly"" transition when he took office in 2017."	Was Trump ‘Never Given an Orderly Transition of Power’?
vclaim-sno-trump-osama-attack	Donald Trump predicted that Osama bin Laden would attack the U.S. in his 2000 book, 'The America We Deserve.'	Did Donald Trump Predict Osama bin Laden Would Attack the US?
vclaim-sno-trump-oval-office-ghosts	An excerpt from Bob Woodward's book 'Fear' states that President Trump believes that the ghosts of past presidents are haunting the Oval Office.	Did a New Book Reveal President Trump’s Fear of Oval Office Ghosts?
vclaim-sno-trump-palin-endorsement	Donald Trump paid Sarah Palin $10 million for her endorsement.	Donald Trump Didn’t Pay Sarah Palin for Her Endorsement
vclaim-sno-trump-paper-shoe	While boarding Air Force One in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on 4 October 2018, President Donald Trump had paper stuck to his shoe.	Did President Trump Board Air Force One with Paper Stuck to His Shoe?
vclaim-sno-trump-parade-1995	"Donald Trump ""saved"" the Veterans Day parade in New York City in 1995."	Did Donald Trump ‘Save’ the NYC Vets Day Parade in 1995?
vclaim-sno-trump-pardon-border-militia	U.S. President Donald Trump issued a pardon for the leader of the armed group that held migrants at gunpoint in New Mexico.	Did President Trump Issue an ‘Immediate Pardon’ for the Arrested Border Militia Leader in NM?
vclaim-sno-trump-pardon-nidal-hassan	U. S. President Donald Trump pardoned Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan.	Did President Trump Pardon Fort Hood Shooter ‘Nidal Hassan’?
vclaim-sno-trump-pardon-turkey-election	"U.S. President Donald Trump pardoned a turkey whom he said had lost a ""fair and open election"" but ""refused to concede."""	Did Trump Pardon a Turkey That ‘Refused To Concede’ an Election?
vclaim-sno-trump-pardoning-capitol-riot	Acting Pardon Attorney Rosalind Sargent-Burns wrote in a Parler post that U.S. President Donald Trump was considering pardoning his supporters who faced criminal charges in the Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol insurrection.	Is Trump Considering Pardoning Capitol Riot Extremists?
vclaim-sno-trump-patent-maga-2012	"Donald Trump registered his ""Make America Great Again"" slogan in November 2012."	Did Donald Trump Register ‘Make America Great Again’ in 2012?
vclaim-sno-trump-pay-8-women	Donald Trump has paid up to eight sexual partners to obtain abortions and sign nondisclosure agreements.	Did Trump Pay 8 Women to Have Abortions?
vclaim-sno-trump-payroll-tax	U.S. President Donald Trump is withholding coronavirus relief until Congress agrees to payroll tax cuts that would effectively jeopardize Social Security funding.	Is Trump Blocking COVID-19 Aid in Favor of Tax Cuts That Would Drain Social Security?
vclaim-sno-trump-peacefully-and-patriotically	"In a video displayed during U.S. President Donald Trump's second impeachment trial on Feb. 9, 2021, House Democrats did not show footage of Trump telling supporters on Jan. 6 to ""peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard."""	Did Dems’ Video Omit Trump’s Telling Supporters To ‘Peacefully and Patriotically’ Protest at Capitol?
vclaim-sno-trump-pedophiles-death-penalty	President Trump has called for the death penalty for pedophiles.	Did President Trump Say Pedophiles Will Get the Death Penalty?
vclaim-sno-trump-pelosi-letter	President Trump sent a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi that incorporated a crude hidden insult.	Did Trump Send a Letter With a Hidden Insult to Pelosi?
vclaim-sno-trump-pendejo-posters-puerto-rico	"A poster calling Trump a ""pendejo"" has been posted ""all over"" Puerto Rico."	Are There Posters Calling Trump a ‘Pendejo’ Across Puerto Rico?
vclaim-sno-trump-photographed-with-charlottesville-white-nationalist	"A photograph shows President Trump with ""Millennial Matt,"" an alt-right figure involved in the white nationalist march in Charlottesville."	Trump Photographed with Charlottesville White Supremacist?
vclaim-sno-trump-photoshopped-hands	Donald Trump doctored a White House photograph to make his hands appear larger.	Trump Photoshopped His Hands to Look Bigger in White House Photograph?
vclaim-sno-trump-picks-el-chapo-to-run-dea	Donald Trump selected Mexican drug lord El Chapo to head the Drug Enforcement Administration.	Trump Picks El Chapo to Run DEA?
vclaim-sno-trump-plane-charlie-gard	President Donald Trump sent a plane to the UK to bring Charlie Gard to the United States.	Did Donald Trump Send a Plane to ‘Save’ Charlie Gard?
vclaim-sno-trump-plans-reverse-marriage-equality-elected-president	Donald Trump said he'd overturn the Supreme Court's marriage equality decision if elected president.	Trump Plans to Reverse Marriage Equality as President?
vclaim-sno-trump-plans-second-term	A quote meme reproduced U.S. President Trump's August 2020 statement about his plans for a second term.	Did Trump Say This About His Plans for a Second Term?
vclaim-sno-trump-politics-is-boring	"Donald Trump said ""Politics is boring, but more importantly, there's no money in it"" in a 1990 interview."	Did Donald Trump Say ‘Politics Is Boring’ and ‘There’s No Money in It’ in 1990?
vclaim-sno-trump-polls-drop-out	Donald Trump said on Meet the Press that he would drop out of the presidential race if polls showed him losing to Hillary Clinton.	Trump Said He’d Drop Out If Polls Showed Him Losing to Hillary?
vclaim-sno-trump-pose-crisis-actor-dayton	"Emma Breier, the daughter of an American diplomat, was used as a ""crisis actor"" for U.S. President Donald Trump's hospital visit after the Dayton mass shooting in August 2019."	Did Trump Pose with ‘Crisis Actor’ Emma Breier After Dayton Shooting?
vclaim-sno-trump-prayer-schools	"U.S. President Donald Trump ""returned prayer"" to public schools."	Did President Trump ‘Return Prayer’ to Public Schools?
vclaim-sno-trump-pregnancy-inconvenient	Donald Trump said that pregnancy is an inconvenience for businesses, then denied having said it.	Donald Trump: Pregnancy Is an ‘Inconvenience’ for Businesses
vclaim-sno-trump-president-dog-100-years	U.S. President Donald Trump is the first president in a 100 years not to have a dog.	Is Trump the First President in 100 Years Not To Have a Dog?
vclaim-sno-trump-president-drafted	"Donald Trump once said, ""Sure, I got deferments. Would you really want a president who was dumb enough to let himself get drafted?"""	Did Trump Ask If Americans Would ‘Want a President Who Was Dumb Enough to Get Drafted?’
vclaim-sno-trump-president-virgin-islands	"President Trump said ""I met with the president of the Virgin Islands,"" a U.S. territory of which Trump is the chief of state."	Did President Trump Say ‘I Met with the President of the Virgin Islands?’
vclaim-sno-trump-presidential-seal	Tee markers emblazoned with the U.S. presidential seal were manufactured for and installed at a golf course owned by the Trump Organization.	Did a Trump Golf Course Use the Presidential Seal on Tee Markers?
vclaim-sno-trump-pro-life-remarks	President Donald Trump said: “I have signed a letter to Congress to make clear that if they send any legislation to my desk that weakens the protection of human life, I will issue a veto … Every child is a sacred gift from God … Every life is worth protecting … We know that every life has meaning and that every life is worth protecting.”	Did President Trump Make These Pro-Life Remarks?
vclaim-sno-trump-profit-covid-19	Donald Trump owned stock in Thermo-Fisher Scientific at a time when his presidential administration was advocating for a COVID-19 test that uses Thermo-Fisher equipment.	Does Trump Own Stock in a Company CDC Uses for COVID-19 Tests?
vclaim-sno-trump-profit-hydroxychloroquine	U.S. President Donald Trump will benefit financially if hydroxychloroquine becomes an established treatment for COVID-19.	Does Trump Benefit Financially by Promoting Hydroxychloroquine as COVID-19 Treatment?
vclaim-sno-trump-promise-vaccine-election-day	U.S. President Donald Trump promised a COVID-19 vaccination would be readily available to the public by Nov. 3, 2020.	Did Trump Promise a COVID-19 Vaccine by Election Day?
vclaim-sno-trump-promises-to-pardon-dylann-roof	Donald Trump promised on Twitter that his first act as president would be to pardon Dylann Roof.	Trump Promises to Pardon Dylann Roof
vclaim-sno-trump-protest-no-right	President Trump said that Americans had no right to protest against him.	Did Trump Say Americans Had ‘No Right’ To Protest Against Him?
vclaim-sno-trump-protest-parade	A photograph shows a group of unusually dressed people at a protest against President Trump.	Was This Photograph Taken at a Trump Protest?
vclaim-sno-trump-protest-sign-children	A photograph shows two children holding a 'F*CK Donald Trump' sign at a Chicago rally.	Controversial Anti-Trump Sign
vclaim-sno-trump-protester-violence-san-jose	An image shows a young woman who was beaten up by anti-Trump demonstrators at a rally in San Jose.	Teenager Beaten by Anti-Trump Protester
vclaim-sno-trump-protesters-assassinate-republicans	"""Liberal"" protesters carried a banner calling for Republicans to be assassinated."	Did Anti-Trump Protesters Call for Republicans to Be Assassinated?
vclaim-sno-trump-protesters-cans-of-soup	"In July 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump said ""anarchists"" in cities across the country were throwing cans — and bags — of soup at police."	Did Trump Say Protesters Threw Cans of Soup at Police?
vclaim-sno-trump-protocol-queen-elizabeth	Donald Trump broke royal protocol by arriving late to meet Queen Elizabeth, failing to bow, and walking in front of her.	Did President Trump Break Protocol in His Meeting with Queen Elizabeth?
vclaim-sno-trump-public-officials-pay	U.S. President Donald Trump advocated that the pay of public officials be stopped during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Trump Suggest Stopping Public Officials’ Pay During Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-puerto-rico-golf-course	"Donald Trump ""bankrupted"" a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt."	Did Donald Trump Bankrupt a Golf Course, Leaving Puerto Rico with $33 Million in Debt?
vclaim-sno-trump-puppy-mills-inspection	The Trump administration blocked public access to USDA reports on safety and hygiene standards at facilities where animals are kept and bred.	Did President Donald Trump End Public Access to ‘Puppy Mill’ Inspection Reports?
vclaim-sno-trump-purchases-rockefeller-estate	President Trump has purchased the Mount Desert Island estate of David Rockefeller.	Trump Purchases Ex-Rockefeller Estate?
vclaim-sno-trump-purple-heart-news-media	A photograph showing U.S. President Donald Trump awarding a purple heart to a wounded veteran went unreported by the mainstream news media.	Did President Trump’s Awarding of a Purple Heart to a Wounded Vet Go Unreported by News Media?
vclaim-sno-trump-putin-switzerland	Donald Trump was spotted at a Swiss resort with Vladimir Putin before the 2016 election.	Was Donald Trump Seen at a Swiss Resort with Vladimir Putin Before the Election?
vclaim-sno-trump-quiet-acts-kindness	U.S. President Donald Trump performed several acts of generosity as described in a widely-shared Facebook post.	Donald Trump’s ‘Quiet Acts of Random Kindness’
vclaim-sno-trump-quietly-sworn-in	Donald Trump was quietly sworn in as president of the United States under a sovereign law.	Was Trump ‘Quietly Sworn in as POTUS Under Sovereign Law’?
vclaim-sno-trump-quit-costco-letter	An image showed former U.S. President Donald Trump canceled his Costco membership in a letter dated Feb. 4, 2021.	Did Trump Quit Costco Membership in This Letter?
vclaim-sno-trump-quote-about-jesus	"U.S. President Donald Trump said, ""I have done more for Christianity than Jesus."""	Did Trump Say ‘I Have Done More For Christianity Than Jesus’?
vclaim-sno-trump-quote-cops-roughing-up	"In July 2017, U.S. President Donald Trump said police officers should ""rough people up more"" and not to worry about injuring suspects during arrests, effectively endorsing use of excessive force by cops."	Did Trump Say Cops Should ‘Rough People Up’ During Arrests?
vclaim-sno-trump-quote-kim-jong-un-biden	"U.S. President Donald Trump said: ""Kim Jong Un is smarter and would make a better President than Sleepy Joe Biden."""	Did Pres. Trump Say Kim Jong Un ‘Is Smarter and Would Make a Better President’ Than Joe Biden?
vclaim-sno-trump-quote-mueller-report	"The ""Report on the Investigation Into Russian Interference in the 2016 Presidential Election"" documents President Donald Trump's reaction to the appointment of special counsel Robert Mueller: ""This is the end of my presidency, I'm fucked."""	Did President Trump Say ‘This is the End of My Presidency. I’m F*cked’ After Mueller’s Appointment?
vclaim-sno-trump-quote-never-died-before	"Referring to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, U.S. President Donald Trump said, ""People are dying today that have never died before."""	Did President Trump Say ‘People Are Dying Today That Have Never Died Before’?
vclaim-sno-trump-raft-harvey	A photograph shows President Donald Trump reaching out to rescue a Harvey flooding victim.	Did President Trump Assist Rescuers in Pulling Hurricane Victims from Floodwaters?
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-arrested-tweet	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that,  ""Anyone who ordered a ticket to my rally and didn't attend should be arrested and face very powerful charges."""	Did Trump Say People Who Didn’t Attend His Rally Should Be Arrested?
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-chant	"Donald Trump supporters chanted ""we hate muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back"" during a rally on election night."	‘We Hate Muslims, We Hate Blacks’ Chanted at Trump Rally
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-crowd-66000	A photograph shows 66,000 people who watched, listened, and cheered President Trump outside a rally.	Does This Photograph Show 66,000 People Outside a Trump Rally?
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-fire-hose-tampa	Twelve people were transported to the hospital after being injured by a fire truck hose at a rally for U.S. President Donald Trump.	Were Trump Supporters Injured by a Fire Hose at Tampa Rally?
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-non-sun	"U.S. President Donald Trump said he liked ""the sun better than the artificial non-sun"" during a rally."	Did President Trump Complain About an ‘Artificial Non-Sun’ at a Rally?
vclaim-sno-trump-rally-omaha	Some attendees at U.S. President Donald Trump's October 2020 campaign rally in Nebraska were temporarily stranded in the cold after the event.	Were Omaha Trump Rally Attendees Stranded in the Cold?
vclaim-sno-trump-raytheon-stock	President Trump owns stock in Raytheon and directly profited from the use of their Tomahawk missiles in an April 2017 U.S. strike on a Syrian air base.	Did President Trump Profit from the U.S. Missile Strike Against Syria?
vclaim-sno-trump-reagan-foundation	The Reagan Foundation asked the Trump campaign and Republican National Committee to stop using Ronald Reagan's likeness on a fundraiser coin.	Did Reagan Foundation Tell Trump Campaign to Stop Using His Likeness for Fundraising?
vclaim-sno-trump-received-ellis-island-award-in-1986	A photograph shows Donald Trump, Muhammad Ali, and Rosa Parks after receiving the Ellis Island Medal of Honor in 1986.	Did Donald Trump Receive an Ellis Island Award in 1986?
vclaim-sno-trump-reclaim-presidency-march-4	President Donald Trump will regain the presidency on March 4, 2021.	Will Trump Reclaim the Presidency on March 4?
vclaim-sno-trump-recount-battleground-states	"In 2012 Donald Trump tweeted, ""We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it."""	Did Trump Warn Against Recounts in Battleground States in 2012?
vclaim-sno-trump-refuse-salary	Donald Trump said he would not accept the $400,000 annual president's salary if elected.	Trump Says He’ll Refuse Salary If Elected President
vclaim-sno-trump-regeneron-stem-cells	The development of REGN-COV2, the experimental “anti-viral antibody cocktail” given to U.S. President Donald Trump to treat COVID-19, involved the use of human fetal tissues and embryonic stem cells.	Was Trump’s Regeneron ‘Cure’ Developed Using Stem Cells and Fetal Tissues?
vclaim-sno-trump-removes-name-from-hotels	Trump hotels are being renamed to eliminate use of the name 'Trump.'	Trump Just Removed His Name from His Hotels Due to Plummeting Business?
vclaim-sno-trump-rename-new-mexico	Donald Trump planned to rename New Mexico in his first act as President.	Donald Trump Pledged to Rename New Mexico?
vclaim-sno-trump-renamed-black-history-month	President Trump changed the name of Black History Month to African-American History Month.	Did President Trump Rename ‘Black History Month’ to ‘African-American History Month’?
vclaim-sno-trump-report-card-fordham	An image shows President Donald Trump's report card from Fordham University.	Is This President Trump’s Report Card from Fordham University?
vclaim-sno-trump-residency-fraud	Because U.S. President Donald Trump changed his legal residence to Mar-a-Lago in 2018, he committed voter fraud in either the 2018 midterm election, the 2020 presidential election, or both.	Does Trump’s Residency Change Mean He Committed Voter Fraud in 2018 or 2020?
vclaim-sno-trump-restricting-welfare-for-deadbeats	"President Trump signed an executive order cutting off welfare to ""deadbeats, drug addicts and scam artists."""	Did President Trump Sign a Law Restricting Welfare for ‘Deadbeats’?
vclaim-sno-trump-retreat	"President Trump violated protocol by not standing or saluting during the playing of ""Retreat"" during an interview with Sean Hannity."	Did Donald Trump Joke Around, Fail to Salute the Flag During a Military Ceremony?
vclaim-sno-trump-retweet-cartoon-train-hitting-cnn-reporter	President Trump retweeted a cartoon of a train hitting a CNN reporter.	Did Trump Retweet a Cartoon of a Train Hitting a CNN Reporter?
vclaim-sno-trump-retweet-cowboys	"U.S. President Donald Trump retweeted a video in which the speaker stated, ""The only good Democrat is a dead Democrat."""	Did Trump Retweet a Video Saying ‘The Only Good Democrat is a Dead Democrat’?
vclaim-sno-trump-retweets-photo-of-black-supporters	Donald Trump retweeted a purported photograph of black supporters of his campaign, even though the depicted people aren't Trump fans.	Trump Retweets Fake Photograph of Black Supporters
vclaim-sno-trump-reverses-insecticide-ban-dow-chemicals	Chlorpyrifos, an insecticide with alleged origins in Nazi Germany, was set to be banned by the EPA over health and environmental safety concerns; but President Trump reversed this decision after Dow Chemicals, a manufacturer of the chemical, donated one million dollars to his inauguration fund.	Did President Trump Reverse an Insecticide Ban After Receiving $1 Million from Dow Chemicals?
vclaim-sno-trump-revoke-executive-order	U.S. President Donald Trump revoked his own executive order banning former officials from lobbying.	Did Trump Revoke His Own Executive Order?
vclaim-sno-trump-revokes-press-credentials-six-news-outlets	Donald Trump revoked the press credentials of six major news outlets.	Did Donald Trump Revoke Press Credentials for Six News Outlets?
vclaim-sno-trump-revolutionary-war-airports	U.S. President Donald Trump said American Revolutionary War troops took over airports.	Did Trump Say Revolutionary War Troops Took Over Airports?
vclaim-sno-trump-riot-camp-auschwitz-shirt	"A pro-Trump rioter who broke into the U.S. Capitol was wearing a ""Camp Auschwitz"" shirt."	Did Pro-Trump Rioter Wear ‘Camp Auschwitz’ Shirt While Breaking Into the Capitol?
vclaim-sno-trump-rocky-tweet	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted an image of his own head edited onto the body of the character Rocky Balboa from the ""Rocky"" series of movies."	Did Trump Tweet a Picture of Himself as Rocky Balboa?
vclaim-sno-trump-rolls-back-rules-protecting-elderly	President Trump rolled back rules protecting residents of nursing homes.	Did President Trump Roll Back Rules Protecting Elderly at Nursing Homes?
vclaim-sno-trump-russia-wildfires-california	U.S. President Donald Trump offered Vladimir Putin U.S. help with Siberian wildfires and also threatened to withdraw federal emergency funding to California.	Did Trump Offer Russia Help With Wildfires, But Not California?
vclaim-sno-trump-russian-poorly-endowed	A Russian sex worker said Donald Trump was one of her clients and that he has a small penis.	Did a Russian Prostitute Say Donald Trump Was Poorly Endowed?
vclaim-sno-trump-said-1326-times-debates	"The name ""Trump"" was spoken 1,326 times during the first 2020 Democratic Party presidential debates."	Was ‘Trump’ Uttered 1,326 Times During the Democratic Debates?
vclaim-sno-trump-salary-military-cemeteries	In the summer of 2018, President Donald Trump donated his entire $400,000 annual salary to the Department of the Interior for the purpose of rebuilding military cemeteries.	Did President Donald Trump Donate His Entire $400,000 Salary to Rebuild Military Cemeteries?
vclaim-sno-trump-salute-north-korean-general	While greeting North Korean dignitaries during his summit meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un, President Trump returned the military salute of a North Korean general.	Did President Trump Salute a North Korean General?
vclaim-sno-trump-sanctions-russias-intelligence-agency-present-putin	"President Trump lifted sanctions against Russia as a ""gift"" to Putin."	Did President Trump Ease Sanctions Against Russia’s Intelligence Agency As a ‘Gift’ to Putin?
vclaim-sno-trump-saved-two-cats-after-hurricane-harvey	An image shows President Trump rescuing two cats from a flooded area in Texas after Hurricane Harvey in August 2017.	Did President Trump Save Two Cats After Hurricane Harvey?
vclaim-sno-trump-say-never-blame-yourself	"Donald Trump once said: ""You never blame yourself; you have to blame something else. If you do something bad, never, ever blame yourself."""	Did Donald Trump Say ‘Never Blame Yourself’?
vclaim-sno-trump-say-redo-4-more-years	"U.S. President Donald Trump stated during a 2020 reelection campaign rally, ""We should get a redo of four years"" — meaning redo his first term after reelection — effectively grant him a third term."	Did Trump Say ‘We Should Get a Redo of Four Years’?
vclaim-sno-trump-says-africans-are-poor-because-they-think-of-sex-instead-of-farming	"President-elect Donald Trump said Africans are poor because ""when it rains they think of sex instead of farming."""	Trump Says Africans Are Poor Because They Think of Sex Instead of Farming?
vclaim-sno-trump-search-result-racist-twitter	"U.S. President Donald Trump was the first result for the term ""racist"" on Twitter under the ""People"" section in June 2020."	In Search Results for ‘Racist,’ Does Trump Appear First on Twitter?
vclaim-sno-trump-searching-911-survivors	Donald Trump and hundreds of his workers helped search the rubble for survivors after the September 11 terrorist attacks in Lower Manhattan.	Was Donald Trump at Ground Zero Searching for Survivors Two Days After 9/11 with Workers He Paid For?
vclaim-sno-trump-second-coming-king-israel	"On Aug. 21, 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump articulated a belief that he is ""the chosen one,"" the ""King of Israel,"" or the ""second coming of God."""	Did Donald Trump Call Himself the ‘Second Coming of God,’ the ‘Chosen One’ or the ‘King of Israel’?
vclaim-sno-trump-secret-presidential-pardons	Former U.S. President Donald Trump could have issued secret pardons that he could reveal later to protect his family members or himself, if ever charged with a crime.	Could Trump Have Issued Secret Presidential Pardons?
vclaim-sno-trump-selling-inauguration-tickets	"An official campaign email offers tickets to U.S. President Donald Trump's 2021 ""inauguration in the historic Rose Garden"" in exchange for $50 donations."	Is Trump Selling Tickets to His 2021 Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-trump-sends-unpresidented-tweet	"Donald Trump sent a tweet with the word ""unprecedented"" incorrectly spelled ""unpresidented."""	Trump Sends ‘Unpresidented’ Tweet
vclaim-sno-trump-seoul-population	The population of Seoul, South Korea, is about 38 million people.	Do 38 Million People Live in Seoul, South Korea?
vclaim-sno-trump-server-tied-to-russian-bank	"Experts confirmed a computer server linked to Donald Trump ""was communicating with Russia."""	Was a Trump Organization Computer Server Tied to a Russian Bank?
vclaim-sno-trump-sharpie-notes	"In talking to journalists, U.S. President Donald Trump used some notes to himself written in Sharpie pen that said, in part, ""I want nothing."""	Did Trump Use Notes To Self in Sharpie Pen That Said ‘I Want Nothing’?
vclaim-sno-trump-showers-dishwashers	President Trump gave a talk during the COVID-19 pandemic in which he remonstrated about showers and dishwashers not functioning properly due to low-flow standards.	Did Trump Decry Low-Flow Showers and Dishwashers During a Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-trump-sign-bill-clean-trash-oceans	President Trump signed legislation in October 2018 to clean up tons of trash from oceans and lakes, but the mainstream news media did not report on it.	Did the Media Ignore President Trump’s Signing of a Bill to Clean Up the Oceans?
vclaim-sno-trump-sign-bill-revoking-obama-era-gun-checks-people-mental-illnesses	President Trump signed a bill blocking Obama-era background checks that would have made it easier to flag mentally ill potential gun purchasers.	Did President Trump Revoke Gun Background Checks for Mentally Ill People?
vclaim-sno-trump-sign-hollywood-los-angeles	"A large ""TRUMP"" sign, similar to the iconic Hollywood sign, was erected near Los Angeles in October 2020."	Was a Hollywood-Style Trump Sign Erected in Los Angeles?
vclaim-sno-trump-situation-room-photo	A photograph of President Donald Trump in the White House Situation Room during a military raid in Syria was staged after the fact.	Was a Photo of Trump in the White House Situation Room Staged?
vclaim-sno-trump-skip-biden-inauguration	U.S. President Donald Trump plans to bypass the swearing-in ceremony of his successor, President-elect Joe Biden.	Is Trump Planning To Skip Biden’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-trump-social-media-order	President Trump issued an executive order forcing users of social platforms to follow and/or like the president’s official accounts.	Did Trump Order Facebook and Twitter to Require Users to Like and Follow Him?
vclaim-sno-trump-social-security-benefits	A November 2019 Trump administration proposal would end Social Security disability payments for thousands of recipients.	Did Trump Propose SSI Changes That Could End Disability Benefits for Thousands?
vclaim-sno-trump-social-security	President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to cut Social Security benefits.	Did Donald Trump Say He Will Cut Social Security?
vclaim-sno-trump-sold-an-apartment-haitian-dictator	Donald Trump sold a Trump Tower apartment to the brutal and corrupt former Haitian leader Jean-Claude “Baby Doc” Duvalier.	Donald Trump Sold an Apartment to a Brutal Haitian Dictator?
vclaim-sno-trump-sons-fundraiser	Donald Jr. and Eric Trump sold access to their father via an expensive hunting fundraiser.	Trump Sons Sell Access to Father for Hunting Trip Fundraiser
vclaim-sno-trump-sons-photo	A photograph shows Eric and Donald Trump Jr., sons of President Donald Trump.	Is This a Real Photograph of Donald Trump’s Older Sons?
vclaim-sno-trump-sotu-super-bowl	More people watched President Trump's 2019 State of the Union address on television than watched Super Bowl Super Bowl LIII.	Was the 2019 State of the Union Address Watched by More People Than the Super Bowl?
vclaim-sno-trump-speech-presidential-seal	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump standing next to a manipulated version of the presidential seal.	Did Trump Deliver a Speech Next to an Altered Presidential Seal?
vclaim-sno-trump-spray-tan-oval-office	An image shows President Trump getting a spray tan in the Oval Office.	Does This Photo Show Trump Getting a Spray Tan?
vclaim-sno-trump-spray-tan-television	A photograph shows President Donald Trump receiving a spray-on tan before a television appearance.	Trump Gets a Spray Tan Before Appearing on Television?
vclaim-sno-trump-sprinklers-apartment-fire	In 1999, Donald Trump lobbied against mandatory sprinklers for apartment buildings in New York, including his own Trump Tower.	Did Donald Trump Once Fight Against Installing Sprinklers in New York Apartment Buildings?
vclaim-sno-trump-staffer-convicted-of-felony-election-fraud	A Trump staffer was convicted on ten counts of felony election fraud in November 2016.	Trump Staffer Convicted of Felony Election Fraud
vclaim-sno-trump-stage-chrissy-teigen	A video shows U.S. President Donald Trump being rushed off stage after someone yelled that model Chrissy Teigen was in the audience.	Was Trump Rushed Off Stage After Someone Yelled ‘Chrissy Teigen’s Here’?
vclaim-sno-trump-staged-speechwriting-picture	Donald Trump posed for a fake speechwriting photograph at an auction house's receptionist's desk.	Did Donald Trump Use a Receptionist’s Desk and Notepad to Stage a Speechwriting Picture?
vclaim-sno-trump-star-stickers-walk-of-fame	In August 2018, adhesive replicas of President Donald Trump's recently-destroyed star were placed on the Walk of Fame on Hollywood Boulevard.	Were Additional Donald Trump ‘Stars’ Placed on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
vclaim-sno-trump-steal-kids-cancer-charity	Members of the Trump family were banned from running charities in New York because they reportedly stole from a children's cancer charity.	Did New York Reprimand Trump Family for ‘Stealing from a Children’s Cancer Charity’?
vclaim-sno-trump-stimulus-package-election	"On Oct. 30, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump said: ""We will have a tremendous stimulus package immediately after the election."""	Did Trump Promise ‘Tremendous Stimulus Package Immediately After the Election’?
vclaim-sno-trump-stock-market-prediction	"U.S. President Donald Trump said that the stock market would ""crash"" if Joe Biden was elected president."	Did Trump Say the Stock Market Would ‘Crash’ If Biden Won Election?
vclaim-sno-trump-stockpile-ventilators	When U.S. President Donald Trump took office, he inherited a “bare” Strategic National Stockpile that lacked an adequate supply of mechanical ventilators that would have aided the nation at the start of the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic.	Did Trump Inherit a ‘Depleted’ Stockpile of Ventilators From Obama?
vclaim-sno-trump-stops-mugging-1991	Donald Trump intervened to stop a bat-wielding mugger in New York City in 1991.	Did Donald Trump Stop a Mugging in 1991?
vclaim-sno-trump-stripper-photograph	An image shows President Trump partying with a stripper.	Is this President Trump with a Scantily Clad Woman?
vclaim-sno-trump-subscription-box	"In May 2017 President Trump launched a monthly ""Big League Box"" subscription for campaign merchandise."	Is the Trump Administration Selling Subscription ‘Big League Boxes’?
vclaim-sno-trump-sue-wisconsin	After losing the Wisconsin Republican primary, Donald Trump threatened to sue everyone in that state.	Trump Says He Will Sue Everyone in Wisconsin?
vclaim-sno-trump-suffering-stroke-virus-warning	Pictures of President Trump suffering a stroke are being used to spread a virus that wipes computers and cellphones.	‘Trump Suffering from a Stroke’ Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-trump-suicide-bombers-penalty	U.S. President Donald Trump said that suicide bombers should get the death penalty.	Did President Trump Say Suicide Bombers Should Get the Death Penalty?
vclaim-sno-trump-supporter-kick-pregnant-woman	A President Trump supporter kicked a Muslim woman in the stomach and killed her unborn twins.	Did a Trump Supporter Kick a Pregnant Muslim Woman in the Stomach?
vclaim-sno-trump-supporters-beat-gay-man-in-california	Gay Canadian filmmaker Chris Ball was severely beaten and bloodied by emboldened Donald Trump supporters shortly after the 2016 election.	Trump Supporters Beat Gay Man in California?
vclaim-sno-trump-supporters-leave-trash	A video shows piles of garbage left behind after U.S. President Donald Trump's June 2019 rally in Orlando, Fla.	Did Trump Supporters Leave Trash Behind After ’45 Fest’?
vclaim-sno-trump-supporters-navajo-legislator-legal	"Armed Trump supporters protesting immigration demanded to know if a Native American legislator is in the United States ""legally."""	Did Armed Trump Supporters Ask a Navajo Legislator If He’s ‘Legal’?
vclaim-sno-trump-supporters-pro-slavery	Nearly 20 percent of Donald Trump’s voters disagreed with the freeing of slaves in Southern states after the Civil War.	Exit Poll Says 20 Percent of Trump Supporters are Pro-Slavery?
vclaim-sno-trump-syria-airport-contract	The Trump Organization won a contract to rebuild the Syrian airport destroyed in a United States missile attack.	Did the Trump Organization Win a Lucrative Contract to Rebuild a Syrian Airport?
vclaim-sno-trump-take-firearms-first	"U.S. President Donald Trump said ""We're going to take the firearms first and then go to court."""	Did Trump Say ‘We’re Going to Take the Firearms First and Then Go to Court’?
vclaim-sno-trump-takes-victory-tour-moscows-red-square	"Donald Trump will include Moscow's Red Square in the stops along his ""victory tour."""	Trump Takes Victory Tour of Moscow’s Red Square
vclaim-sno-trump-tap-giorgio-tsoukalos-secretary-space-force	"President Trump nominated Giorgio A. Tsoukalos, best known for his appearances on the television series ""Ancient Aliens,"" to lead the Space Force."	Did Trump Tap Giorgio A. Tsoukalos for Secretary of the Space Force?
vclaim-sno-trump-taps-outspoken-climate-denier-to-oversee-epa-transition-team	President-elect Trump has selected a climate change skeptic to head the team in charge of the transition between Obama and Trump’s Environmental Protection Agencies.	Trump Taps Outspoken Climate Denier To Oversee EPA Transition Team
vclaim-sno-trump-taunts-bush-twitter	Donald Trump boasted in a tweet that Jeb Bush failed to renew his domain registration, enabling Trump's campaign to redirect it to Trump's web site.	Donald Trump Taunts Jeb Bush on Twitter over Domain?
vclaim-sno-trump-taxes-smart	"Donald Trump  proclaimed during the first presidential debate of 2016 that not paying federal taxes made him ""smart."""	Did Donald Trump Say Not Paying Taxes ‘Makes Me Smart’?
vclaim-sno-trump-taxes-ted-cruz-dependent	Former U.S. President Donald Trump's tax return documents revealed that he claimed U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz as a dependent.	Did Trump’s Tax Returns Reveal He Claimed Ted Cruz as Dependent?
vclaim-sno-trump-team-accidentally-reveals-extreme-immigration-plan	A document held by a potential Trump cabinet member reveals his immigration plans.	Did the Trump Team Accidentally Reveal an ‘Extreme’ Immigration Plan?
vclaim-sno-trump-tell-supporters-storm	In a speech on Jan. 6, 2021, Trump told supporters to storm the U.S. Capitol to delay the constitutional process that would affirm Joe Biden’s presidency.	Did Trump Tell Supporters To Storm US Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021?
vclaim-sno-trump-term-bio	"The U.S. State Department biographies for President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence stated that their terms ""ended on 2021-01-11 19:40:41."""	Did the State Department Website Say Trump’s Term Ended on Jan. 11, 2021?
vclaim-sno-trump-terminate-social-security	"In August 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to ""terminate"" Social Security."	Did Trump Vow to ‘Terminate’ Social Security?
vclaim-sno-trump-terror-watch-program	President Trump has removed white supremacists from the goverment's terror watch list.	Did President Trump Remove White Supremacists from the Terror Watch Program?
vclaim-sno-trump-tested-very-positively	"U.S. President Donald Trump said he ""tested very positively"" for COVID-19, meaning his test results came back negative, and he did not have the coronavirus disease."	Did Trump Say He ‘Tested Very Positively’ for COVID-19, Meaning Negative?
vclaim-sno-trump-thinning-hair-photograph	A photograph shows President Donald Trump's thinning hair blowing in the wind.	Is This a Photo of Trump’s Thinning Hair Blowing in the Wind?
vclaim-sno-trump-threaten-federal-buildings	"U.S. President Donald Trump once threatened that ""anarchists, agitators, or protestors"" who ""vandalize or damage any federal buildings will be prosecuted."""	Did Trump Threaten to Prosecute Anyone Who Damaged Federal Buildings?
vclaim-sno-trump-threaten-whistleblower	U.S. President Donald Trump threatened the Ukraine whistleblower, and the person who supplied the whistleblower with information, with death.	Was Trump Caught on Leaked Recording Threatening Ukraine Whistleblower With Death?
vclaim-sno-trump-threatened-military-action-against-mexico	Donald Trump threatened military action against Mexico in a tweet sent on Christmas Eve.	Trump Threatened Military Action Against Mexico?
vclaim-sno-trump-threatening-robocalls	"A group supporting President Donald Trump is making ""robocalls"" threatening people who criticize him online."	Are People Getting Threatening ‘Robocalls’ for Criticizing President Trump Online?
vclaim-sno-trump-threatens-to-skip-debates	Donald Trump threatened to skip the remaining presidential debates if Hillary Clinton showed up.	Trump Threatens to Skip Remaining Debates If Hillary Is There?
vclaim-sno-trump-tiger-woods-speedy-recovery	After Tiger Woods’ car crash in February 2021, former U.S. President Donald Trump released a statement through a spokesperson that said, “Get well soon, Tiger. You are a true champion!”	Did Trump Wish Tiger Woods a ‘Speedy Recovery’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tip	Donald Trump left a Buffalo Club waiter a $10,000 tip.	FALSE: Donald Trump Leaves $10,000 Tip
vclaim-sno-trump-to-ban-all-television-shows-that-promote-gay-activity	"Donald Trump announced that he will ban ""gay activity"" from appearing on television shows."	Trump to Ban All Television Shows That Promote ‘Gay Activity’
vclaim-sno-trump-to-deport-lin-manuel-miranda	Donald Trump threatened to deport Puerto Rican Broadway star Lin-Manuel Miranda.	Trump to Deport Lin-Manuel Miranda, Doesn’t Realize Puerto Rico is US Territory?
vclaim-sno-trump-to-nuke-mexico	Donald Trump suggested he'd use nuclear weapons against Mexico if they refused to build and pay for a wall.	Trump to Nuke Mexico if They Don’t Build Border Wall
vclaim-sno-trump-to-repurpose-uss-enterprise-into-floating-hotel-and-casino	"Donald Trump announced plans to convert the USS Enterprise into a ""floating hotel and casino."""	Trump to Repurpose USS Enterprise Into Floating Hotel and Casino
vclaim-sno-trump-to-strike-down-obamas-regulation-expanding-overtime	Donald Trump plans to do away with a new regulation put in place by President Obama that expands overtime to more workers.	Trump to Strike Down Obama’s Regulation Expanding Overtime?
vclaim-sno-trump-touch-face-of-veteran	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump touching the face of a wounded veteran who lost both of his arms because the president knew the man couldn't shake hands.	Did President Trump Touch the Face of a Veteran Who Lost Both Arms?
vclaim-sno-trump-touch-orb-saudi-arabia	A photograph shows President Trump and Saudi leaders touching a glowing orb.	Trump Touches Glowing Orb in Saudi Arabia?
vclaim-sno-trump-toupee-video-fake	A video shows U.S. President Donald Trump removing his hat and revealing that he's bald.	Is This a Video of President Trump Without His Toupee?
vclaim-sno-trump-tour-chemtrail-plane	A photograph shows President Trump touring a chemtrail plane.	Did President Trump Tour a Chemtrail Plane?
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-air	Donald Trump personally sent out an airplane to bring home U.S. military members stranded in Florida.	Did Donald Trump Transport Stranded Troops on His Own Airplane?
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-billboard-in-mumbai	"An image shows an advertisement for Trump Tower in Mumbai stating that there is ""only one way to live"" installed over a group of homeless people."	Is This a Trump Tower Billboard in Mumbai?
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-chicago-no	Residents of Trump Tower Chicago demonstrated their disdain for Donald Trump via a clever display of lights.	Trump Tower Chicago ‘No’ Pic
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-kurd-banner	"A banner was hung from Trump Tower in Las Vegas stating that U.S. President Donald Trump ""betrayed and murdered Kurdish people."""	Was a Banner Hung from Trump Tower Saying He ‘Betrayed and Murdered Kurdish People’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-name-changed-to-dump-tower-in-google-maps	A prankster changed the name of Trump Tower to Dump Tower in Google Maps briefly on 26 November 2016.	Trump Tower Name Changed to ‘Dump Tower’ In Google Maps
vclaim-sno-trump-tower-opens-pyongyang	A Trump Tower hotel opened in Pyongyang, North Korea within a day of the historic summit between President Trump and Kim Jong-Un.	Did a Trump Tower Open in Pyongyang?
vclaim-sno-trump-traffic-accusations	Donald Trump raped his former wife and a young woman, and his modeling agency was found to be trafficking young girls.	Donald Trump Accused of Rape and Human Trafficking
vclaim-sno-trump-train-stuck-under-bridge	"A photograph shows a truck bearing the words ""Trump Train"" stuck underneath a bridge."	Did a ‘Trump Train’ Truck Get Stuck Under a Bridge?
vclaim-sno-trump-transgenders-on-notice	President Trump plans to make it illegal to be transgender.	Does President Donald Trump Plan to Make it Illegal to be Transgender?
vclaim-sno-trump-tripadvisor-middle-east	President Trump left reviews for locations such as Yad Vashem on TripAdvisor during his trip of the Middle East.	President Trump Left Online Reviews for the Middle East?
vclaim-sno-trump-tulsa-rally-covid19-test	U.S. President Donald Trump’s June 20, 2020, election rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma, during the coronavirus pandemic could be connected to two days of 100% positive COVID-19 tests reported in the state more than a week later.	Did Trump’s Tulsa Rally Result in 100% Positive COVID-19 Test Rates in Oklahoma?
vclaim-sno-trump-tulsa-rally-crowd	A photograph shows a packed arena for President Trump's June 2020 rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Does This Photo Show a Full Crowd at Trump’s Tulsa Rally?
vclaim-sno-trump-turkey-pardons-reversed	President Trump ordered the execution of several turkeys pardoned by President Obama.	Did President Trump Reverse President Obama’s Turkey Pardons?
vclaim-sno-trump-turned-away-restaurant	U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted about being turned away by Arthur Bryant's barbecue restaurant in Kansas City.	Was Trump Turned Away from a Kansas City BBQ Restaurant?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-409k	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted ""HOW ARE YOUR 409K'S DOING?"""	Did President Trump Tweet ‘How Are Your 409Ks Doing’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-bill-cosby	President Trump tweeted in mid-December 2020 that he was considering pardoning Bill Cosby.	Did Trump Tweet That He Was Pardoning Bill Cosby?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-doctored-racist-baby	"In June 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted a doctored video with a manipulated CNN chyron of a supposedly ""racist baby"" chasing a Black toddler."	Did Trump Tweet a Doctored Video of a ‘Racist Baby’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-echo-mein-kampf	"A tweet from U.S. President Donald Trump attacking the press echoes a passage from Hitler's ""Mein Kampf."""	Does This Trump Tweet Echo ‘Mein Kampf’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-harris	"U.S. President Trump tweeted that ""Karmala"" Harris' name sounded ""like a terrorist"" and that she was ""not even American."""	Did Trump Tweet This About Kamala Harris?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-nicolle-wallace	"U.S. President Donald Trump called MSNBC host Nicole Wallace a ""dog."""	Did Trump Call MSNBC Host Nicole Wallace a ‘Dog’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-obama-8-years	"U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that Barack Obama ""had 8 years to prepair the next president for a pandemic and he failed."""	Did Trump Tweet That Obama ‘Had 8 Years to Prepair the Next President for a Pandemic’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-obama-scotus	"In April 2016, Donald Trump said that then-U.S. President Obama should ""wait until he leaves office to pick another Justice"" after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia."	Did Trump Say ‘Obama Should Leave Office’ Before Appointing Supreme Court Justice?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-puerto-rico	"President Donald Trump disparaged the Puerto Rican governor and statehood movement, tweeting that Puerto Rico was ""a small island filled with savages."""	Did Trump Tweet This About Puerto Rico?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-south-dakota-border	U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that South Dakota should close its border with California.	Did Trump Tweet That South Dakota Should Close Its Border with California?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-stimulus-checks	U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted that economic stimulus checks would only go to those who have not made negative social media comments about him.	Did Trump Tweet He’d Deny Stimulus Checks to Any Who Used #NotMyPresident?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweet-weak-leadership	"Trump tweeted in 2014 that America could expect ""riots and looting"" due to ""weak leadership in Washington."""	Did Trump Tweet in 2014 About ‘Riots and Looting’ Due to ‘Weak Leadership’?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweets-invaders-deleted	"After the 2019 El Paso shooting, President Trump deleted tweets that referred to immigrants as ""invaders."""	Did President Trump Delete Tweets That Referred to Immigrants as “Invaders”?
vclaim-sno-trump-tweets-photo-genitals	Donald Trump tweeted an image of his genitals following penis-related banter at a Republican debate.	Donald Trump Tweets a Photo of His Private Parts?
vclaim-sno-trump-twitter-john-barron-1946	"After Twitter permanently suspended him in January 2021, U.S. President Donald Trump returned to the social network using the alias ""John Barron."""	Is Trump Back on Twitter Using the Alias ‘John Barron’?
vclaim-sno-trump-twitter-search-loser	Following the 2020 general election, entering “loser” in the people search function on Twitter returned the personal account of U.S. President Donald Trump.	Does Searching for ‘Loser’ on Twitter Return Trump’s Account?
vclaim-sno-trump-uk-different-names	"U.S. President Donald Trump told Prime Minister Theresa May he believes the terms ""U.K.,"" ""England"" and ""Great Britain"" can be used interchangeably."	Did Donald Trump Say He Believes the UK Has ‘Different Names’?
vclaim-sno-trump-uk-terrorism	A 13 percent increase in police-recorded crime in England and Wales is linked to a rise in 'radical Islamic terror.'	Is an Increase in Recorded Crime in England and Wales Linked to ‘Radical Islamic Terror’?
vclaim-sno-trump-undocumented-immigrants-welfare	President Donald Trump signed an executive order that bars undocumented people from receiving welfare.	Did President Trump Sign an Order Barring Undocumented Immigrants from Receiving Welfare?
vclaim-sno-trump-unflattering-image	An unflattering photograph of President Trump is real.	Is this Unflattering Image of President Trump Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-united-my-people	President Trump voiced his support for United Airlines following the release of a video showing the a passenger being forcibly from a flight.	Trump Calls United Airlines ‘My Kinda People’?
vclaim-sno-trump-url-poor	President Donald Trump's website contains a release about a plan to 'fuck the poor.'	Did a Trump Campaign Web Site URL Reveal a Contempt for the Poor?
vclaim-sno-trump-venn-diagram	Donald Trump was the first U.S. president to be elected while losing the popular vote, to get impeached, and then to fail to be reelected as an incumbent.	Was Trump First US President To Lose Popular Vote, Get Impeached, Then Lose Reelection?
vclaim-sno-trump-veteran-service-dog	Donald Trump once evicted a disabled combat veteran for owning a small therapy dog.	Did Trump Once Evict a Disabled Vet for Owning a Therapy Dog?
vclaim-sno-trump-veterans-day-56-years	November 2018 marked the first Veterans Day in 56 years upon which the sitting U.S. president did not attend a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery.	Was Donald Trump the First President in 56 Years Not to Visit Arlington National Cemetery on Veterans Day?
vclaim-sno-trump-veterans-day-new-york-first	In 2019, U.S. President Donald Trump became the first sitting president to attend the New York Veterans Day Parade.	Was Trump First US President to Attend New York Veterans Day Parade?
vclaim-sno-trump-veterans-free-health-care	President Trump signed an executive order in March 2018 that grants veterans free health care at any hospital.	Did President Trump Sign an Executive Order Giving Veterans Free Care at Any Hospital?
vclaim-sno-trump-video-insulting-supporters	"A video shows U.S. President Donald Trump calling his supporters ""animals"" who shoot ""Mountain Dew in their veins"" while watching ""'Tiger King' for the 45th time,"" among other insults."	Was Trump Caught on Hot Mic Insulting His Supporters?
vclaim-sno-trump-vietnam-desert-storm	During an Independence Day speech, U.S. President Donald Trump declared that Operation Desert Storm took place in Vietnam.	Did Trump Say Operation Desert Storm Took Place in Vietnam?
vclaim-sno-trump-vigo-the-carpathian	President Trump replaced a White House portrait of George Washington with a painting of Vigo the Carpathian.	Did President Trump Replace Washington Portrait with Vigo the Carpathian?
vclaim-sno-trump-violence-against-women-act	On 30 September 2018, the administration of President Donald Trump allowed the Violence Against Women Act to expire.	Did President Donald Trump Allow the Violence Against Women Act to Expire?
vclaim-sno-trump-visa-free-travel-policy	President Trump has signed visa-free travel policies for residents of a number of different countries.	Did President Trump Sign Visa-Free Travel Policies for Various Countries?
vclaim-sno-trump-vote-twice-north-carolina	U.S. President Donald Trump told people they should vote twice in the 2020 presidential election.	Did Trump Tell People To Vote Twice?
vclaim-sno-trump-voter-interference	"U.S. President Donald Trump is going to ""tactically"" implement voter interference sanctions from a 2018 executive order."	No, Trump Isn’t ‘Tactically’ Implementing Voter Interference Sanctions
vclaim-sno-trump-voters-russian-agents	The Federal Bureau of Investigation has uncovered evidence that everyone who voted for President Donald Trump is a Russian spy	Does the FBI Have Evidence That 62 Million Trump Voters Are Russian Agents?
vclaim-sno-trump-wall-comic-strip	"A July 1990 comic strip in Heavy Metal magazine featured a controversial wall in New York City, built by Donald Trump, and a populist ""rise to power"" by the future president."	Did a 1990 Comic Depict Trump Coming to Power and Building a Wall?
vclaim-sno-trump-wallace-looting-quote	"U.S. President Donald Trump and former Alabama Gov. George Wallace both used the phrase, ""When the looting starts, the shooting starts."""	Did Trump and George Wallace Both Say, ‘When the Looting Starts, the Shooting Starts’?
vclaim-sno-trump-wampanoag-land	The Trump administration reversed a previous decision to put land in trust for the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe.	Did the Trump Administration Take Land from the Tribe That Welcomed the Pilgrims?
vclaim-sno-trump-want-turn-space-station-commercial-venture	President Trump has proposed defunding NASA’s interest in the International Space Station to allow for commercial development of the asset.	Does the White House Want to Turn the International Space Station into a Commercial Venture?
vclaim-sno-trump-wants-executive-order-abolishing-impeachment	Leaked conversations revealed that President Trump planned on signing an executive order to abolish impeachment.	Trump Wants Executive Order Abolishing Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-trump-wants-shut-internet	Donald Trump stated he would contact Bill Gates to shut down or ban the internet.	Trump Wants to Shut Down the Internet?
vclaim-sno-trump-warren-million-offer-dna	President Donald Trump offered to donate $1 million to a charity of Sen. Elizabeth Warren's choice if she would take a DNA test to demonstrate that she had Native American ancestry.	Did Trump Offer $1 Million If Elizabeth Warren Could Show Native American Heritage?
vclaim-sno-trump-wedding-toast	A transcript documents that Donald Trump gave a self-aggrandizing toast at his daughter Ivanka's wedding.	Donald Trump’s Self-Aggrandizing Wedding Toast to His Daughter
vclaim-sno-trump-weight-girther-leaked-documents	"The ""Wall Street Journal"" (or another large news outlet) has published documents leaked from Walter Reed Medical Center which show President Donald Trump's ""true"" weight and prove a conspiracy to mislead the public."	Have Leaked Documents Been Published Showing Donald Trump’s ‘True’ Weight?
vclaim-sno-trump-wet-his-pants	A photograph shows U.S. President Donald Trump after he wet his pants in Tennessee.	Did President Trump Wet His Pants?
vclaim-sno-trump-whales-sea-turtles	In June 2017, President Donald Trump canceled federal protections for whales and sea turtles	Did President Trump Cancel Protections for Whales and Sea Turtles?
vclaim-sno-trump-white-house-looting	Photographs show the Trump family looting historical artifacts from the White House.	Are the Trumps Looting the White House?
vclaim-sno-trump-white-nationalists-us-press-conference	"Trump referred to white nationalist marchers as ""us"" during a press conference."	Did Trump Call White Supremacists ‘Us’ During a Press Conference?
vclaim-sno-trump-wig-jet-engine	A video clip captures U.S. President Donald Trump's hairpiece being sucked off by the intake of a jet engine.	Is This Video of Trump’s ‘Wig’ Blowing Off Real?
vclaim-sno-trump-wind-windmills-fumes	"In a December 2019 speech, U.S. President Donald Trump said ""I never understood wind"" and made other somewhat disjointed remarks about wind power."	Did Trump Really Say This About Wind and Windmills?
vclaim-sno-trump-wins-pennsylvania	On Nov. 4, 2020, U.S. President Donald Trump was declared the winner of Pennsylvania in the presidential election.	RUMOR ALERT: Trump Was Not Declared Winner of Pennsylvania
vclaim-sno-trump-with-osama-bin-laden	A photograph shows Donald Trump posing with terrorist Osama bin Laden.	Is This a Photo of Trump with Osama bin Laden?
vclaim-sno-trump-women-treat-em-like-shit	"In 1992 Donald Trump was quoted saying of women, ""You have to treat 'em like shit."""	Did Trump Say of Women, ‘You Have To Treat ‘Em Like Shit’?
vclaim-sno-trump-words-national-anthem	A video of President Donald Trump apparently struggling to get the words right while singing along with the national anthem proves that he doesn't know what they are.	Does Donald Trump Not Know the Words to the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-trump-world-aids-day-ribbon	In 2020, Donald Trump became the first U.S. president to mark World AIDS Day by hanging a red ribbon outside the White House.	Was Trump First POTUS To Display Giant Ribbon for World AIDS Day?
vclaim-sno-trump-writes-checks-nashville	U.S. President Donald Trump wrote personal checks to tornado victims in Nashville, Tennessee.	Did Trump Write Personal Checks to Tornado Victims in Nashville?
vclaim-sno-trump-wwi-cemetery-rain-photo	Photographs show President Trump commemorating the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I at a cemetery in the rain.	Does This Photograph Show President Trump Visiting a WWI Cemetery in the Rain?
vclaim-sno-trumped-up	A stranger who stopped to change a tire on a disabled limo was rewarded for his efforts when the vehicle's passenger, Donald Trump, paid off his mortgage.	Did Donald Trump Pay Off a Good Samaritan’s Mortgage?
vclaim-sno-trumpets-and-a-circle-in-the-sky-above-israel	Strange circular clouds formed over Israel shortly after Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election.	Trumpets and a Circle in the Sky Above Israel
vclaim-sno-trumps-budget-director-pick-asked-really-need-government-funded-research	Representative Mick Mulvaney, who was recently selected as the Trump administration's nominee for director of the Office of Management and Budget, one posed the question “Do we really need government-funded research at all?” on Facebook.	Trump’s Budget Director Pick Asked “Do We Really Need Government-Funded Research at All?”
vclaim-sno-trumps-cell-phone-leaks	Two intelligence agencies suspect that President Donald Trump's cell phone is the source of recently leaked information.	Trump’s Unsecured Android Device Source of Recent White House Leaks?
vclaim-sno-trumps-cousins-obituary	Donald Trump's recently-deceased cousin implored the public in his obituary not to vote for the GOP presidential contender.	Is This Donald Trump’s Cousin’s Obituary?
vclaim-sno-trumps-endorsements-midterms	Some 71% of Trump-endorsed candidates lost their elections in the 2018 midterms.	Did 71 Percent of Trump’s Endorsements Lose in the 2018 Midterms?
vclaim-sno-trumps-first-order-flag-burning	"Donald Trump announced that his ""first order"" as President would be to make flag burning a treasonous act."	Trump’s First Order: Anyone Burning an American Flag to Be Charged with Treason
vclaim-sno-trumps-flip-flop-on-flag-burning	Prior to condemning flag burning in November 2016, Donald Trump endorsed the act in February 2011.	Donald Trump Condoned Flag Burning?
vclaim-sno-trumps-grandfather-bavaria-deport	President Trump’s grandfather Friedrich unsuccessfully petitioned the government of Bavaria (now southeast Germany) not to deport him and his family.	Did President Trump’s Grandfather Beg the Government of Bavaria Not to Deport Him?
vclaim-sno-trumps-hair-filmed-blowing-wind	A video shows President Trump's hair getting blown in the wind, revealing a large bald spot.	Does This Video Show Trump’s Hair Blowing in the Wind?
vclaim-sno-trumps-hotel-g7-settle-lawsuit	The Trump resort where U.S. President Donald Trump suggested the next G7 summit be held was sued over bed bugs, and the lawsuit was settled out of court.	Trump Wants Next G7 Summit at His Hotel That Settled Bed Bugs Lawsuit?
vclaim-sno-trumps-inauguration-poem	Donald Trump's official inauguration poem describes Barack Obama as a tyrant.	Is This Really Donald Trump’s Inauguration Poem?
vclaim-sno-trumps-latest-staff-pick-outed-dying-gay-brother	KT McFarland, Trump's pick for his national security team, outed her gay brother as he was dying from AIDS.	Trump’s Latest Staff Pick Outed Dying Gay Brother?
vclaim-sno-trumps-lev-parnas-igor-fruman	A photograph shows the adult children of U.S. President Donald Trump — Ivanka, Eric, and Donald Trump Jr. — with Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman.	Does a Photo Show Trump’s Children with Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman?
vclaim-sno-trumps-mom-call-him-idiot	"Mary Anne Trump once called her son Donald Trump an ""idiot"" who should never go into politics."	Did President Trump’s Mom Once Call Him an ‘Idiot’?
vclaim-sno-trumps-muslim-ban-exclude-countries-businesses	Donald Trump's executive order restricting U.S. travel from predominantly-Muslim nations does not include countries where he has business interests.	Does President Donald Trump’s ‘Muslim Ban’ Exclude Countries Where He Has Businesses?
vclaim-sno-trumps-name-stimulus-checks	U.S. President Donald Trump's name will appear on COVID-19 stimulus checks.	Will Trump’s Name Appear on COVID-19 Stimulus Checks?
vclaim-sno-trumps-rnc-speech-plagiarized-hitler	Donald Trump plagiarized his speech at the Republican National Convention from Adolf Hitler's inaugural address in 1933.	Trump’s RNC Speech Plagiarized Hitler
vclaim-sno-trumps-robert-kraft	The Trumps were pictured with the owner of a massage parlor where New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft was accused of soliciting prostitution.	Were the Trumps Pictured With the Owner of a Massage Parlor Where Robert Kraft Was Arrested?
vclaim-sno-trumps-sister-donnies-acting-like-nutjob	"President Trump's older sister, federal judge Maryanne Trump Barry, said Trump was called ""Donnie Dimwit"" as a child, and is now ""acting like a nutjob."""	Did Trump’s Older Sister Say ‘Donnie’s Acting Like a Nutjob’?
vclaim-sno-trumps-sons-detained-vancouver-airport	"President Trump's sons were detained at a Canadian airport due to their alleged ties to a ""fascist dictator."""	Were President Donald Trump’s Sons Detained at Vancouver Airport over Ties with a Fascist Dictator?
vclaim-sno-trumpy-bear	"A stuffed animal called ""Trumpy Bear"" is a real product available for purchase."	Is ‘Trumpy Bear’ a Real Product?
vclaim-sno-trump_floyd_tweet	"President Trump tweeted that George Floyd's family was ""honored to hear from me."""	Did Trump Tweet George Floyd’s Family Was ‘Honored to Hear from Me’?
vclaim-sno-trunk-line	Photographs show a tree in India with a trunk that naturally grows animal-shaped figures.	Mysterious Tree in India
vclaim-sno-truth-carl-sagan-quote	"Carl Sagan said ""if it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth."""	‘If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth’
vclaim-sno-truth-costco-kirkland-meat	"The website Learnitwise revealed ""the truth"" about Costco's Kirkland meat products."	Was ‘the Truth About Costco’s Kirkland Meat’ Revealed?
vclaim-sno-tryst-and-shout	An adulterous couple trysting in a sports car becomes trapped inside the automobile (and each other) and has to be cut out by the fire department.	Stuck Couple
vclaim-sno-tsarnaev-refugees	Boston Marathon bombers Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev entered the United States as refugees.	Did the Boston Marathon Bombers Enter the U.S. as Refugees?
vclaim-sno-tsunami-prediction	An eclipse is going to cause an earthquake, which will in turn cause a devastating tsunami, on	July 22 2009 Tsunami Prediction
vclaim-sno-tucker-carlson-car-crash	Fox News Channel host Tucker Carlson succumbed to injuries from an automobile accident.	Is Fox News Host Tucker Carlson in Critical Condition After Head-On Collision?
vclaim-sno-tucker-carlson-cornel-west-video	"A video shows Fox News host Tucker Carlson saying that he was ""basically on board"" with the tenets of democratic socialism."	Did Tucker Carlson Say He Was ‘On Board’ With Democratic Socialism?
vclaim-sno-tuition-supposition	The accused Boston Marathon bombers attended expensive private schools.	Boston Marathon Bombers Tuition Fees
vclaim-sno-tulsa-motorcycle-crash	Photographs show a motorcyclist who crashed into the back of a truck.	Are These Real Photographs of a Fatal Motorcycle Crash?
vclaim-sno-tulsi-gabbard-antifa-photo	A photograph shows Tulsi Gabbard with members of Antifa, including political activist Evan Duke.	Is This a Picture of Tulsi Gabbard with Antifa?
vclaim-sno-tulsi-gabbard-impeachment-vote	Tulsi Gabbard did not vote on the U.S. House of Representatives' resolution to formalize impeachment proceedings against President Donald Trump because she's a senator.	Did Tulsi Gabbard Not Vote on House Impeachment Measure Because She’s a Senator?
vclaim-sno-tumor-mill	CNN and Facebook are donating $1 per like to fund surgery for a boy with a massive tumor.	FALSE: Facebook Appeal for Boy with Massive Tumor
vclaim-sno-tunnel-from-bedroom-to-pub	"A man in Ireland earned the nickname ""Shawshank Husband"" after he dug a tunnel from his bedroom to a local pub over the span of 15 years."	Did the ‘Shawshank Husband’ Dig a Tunnel from His Bedroom to a Pub?
vclaim-sno-turban-outfitters	Muslims demanded the U.S. Army change its dress code to allow beards and turbans.	Muslims Demand Army Change Its Dress Code to Include Turbans and Beards
vclaim-sno-turbot-charged	"Photograph shows a can containing ""fish assholes."""	Is This Can of ‘Fish Assholes’ Real?
vclaim-sno-turkey-50-us-nuclear-weapons	"Turkish President Erdogan is holding 50 American nuclear weapons ""hostage."""	Is Turkey Holding 50 US Nuclear Weapons ‘Hostage’?
vclaim-sno-turkey-and-the-straw-count	Quitting “cold turkey” results in the skins of addicts in withdrawal resembling that of plucked turkeys, hence the origin of the term.	Etymology of ‘Cold Turkey’
vclaim-sno-turkish-snack-bar-paralysis-tablet	"A viral video shows a cake bar that is sold in the U.S. with two ""paralysis tablets"" added to it by its Turkish manufacturers."	Does a Viral Video Show ‘Paralysis’ Pills in Turkish Snack Sold in the US?
vclaim-sno-turmeric-prevent-dementia	Turmeric can prevent dementia; as a result, India, whose food contains a large amount of the spice, has the lowest rates of dementia worldwide.	Does Turmeric Prevent Dementia?
vclaim-sno-turtle-misshapen-rubber-band	A turtle grew into an odd shape after being trapped in a rubber band for years.	Turtle Misshapen Due to Being Caught in Rubber Band for 19 Years?
vclaim-sno-turtle-mountain-photo	A photograph shows a mountain resembling a turtle.	Is This a Photograph of ‘Turtle Mountain’?
vclaim-sno-tv-frog	A product called 'TV Frog' can replace your cable service.	Is ‘TV Frog’ a Legitimate Alternative to Cable?
vclaim-sno-twain-of-thought	Shania Twain is the great-granddaughter of Mark Twain.	Mark and Shania Twain
vclaim-sno-tweet-predict-kobe-death	"In November 2012, a Twitter user posted a tweet that stated ""Kobe is going to end up dying in a helicopter crash."""	Did a 2012 Tweet Predict Kobe’s Death?
vclaim-sno-twelve-days-christmas	"The song ""The Twelve Days of Christmas"" was created as a coded reference to important articles of the Christian faith."	The Twelve Days of Christmas
vclaim-sno-twerky-jerk	The town of DeQuincy, Louisiana, has made twerking illegal.	City in Louisiana Makes ‘Twerking’ Illegal
vclaim-sno-twilight-saga-moonlight-glow	A Twilight sequel titled Moonlight Glow is coming to theaters in November 2015.	Is This a Poster for a New ‘Twilight’ Movie?
vclaim-sno-twilight-years	"An item variously titled ""Clint Eastwood's Twilight Years"" and ""Preparing to Say Goodbye ... a message from Clint Eastwood"" records words expressed by the actor."	Clint Eastwood’s ‘Twilight Years’
vclaim-sno-twitter-biden-negative-news	Twitter temporarily shut down to slow the spread of negative news against Joe Biden.	Did Twitter Shut Down its Network to Slow the Spread of Negative Biden News?
vclaim-sno-twitter-cammo-trump-covid	On Sept. 18, 2020, Twitter user @JohnCammo predicted that U.S. President Donald Trump would announce in October that he had tested positive for COVID-19.	Did a Twitter User Predict Trump’s COVID-19 Announcement?
vclaim-sno-twitter-censor-1984-orwell	Twitter banned the use of the hashtag #1984 in January 2021.	Did Twitter Censor #1984 Hashtag?
vclaim-sno-twitter-delete-trump-account-racism	CNN reported that Twitter is deleting Donald Trump's account over its use of 'racist rhetoric.'	Did Twitter Delete Donald Trump’s Account over ‘Racism’?
vclaim-sno-twitter-disable-engagement-trump	In mid-December 2020, Twitter users were unable to retweet, reply to, or like incumbent U.S. President Donald Trump’s tweets.	Did Twitter Disable Engagement with Trump’s Election-Related Tweets?
vclaim-sno-twitter-germany-nazis	Changing your Twitter profile's country setting to Germany will cause Nazi-related accounts to be blocked from view.	Does Switching Your Twitter Location to Germany Block Nazi Content?
vclaim-sno-twitter-images-inauguration	Early images depict massive crowds at the 20 January 2017 inauguration of Donald Trump.	Do These Twitter Images Depict Trump Inauguration Crowds?
vclaim-sno-twitter-insult-nsc	A Twitter user jeopardized her NASA internship after unknowingly insulting a member of the National Space Council.	Did a Twitter User Jeopardize Her NASA Internship by Insulting a Member of the National Space Council?
vclaim-sno-twitter-marjorie-taylor-greene	Twitter suspended the account of U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene, a Republican from Georgia, after she made erroneous claims regarding election fraud in a video clip.	Did Twitter Temporarily Suspend Marjorie Taylor Greene’s Account?
vclaim-sno-twitter-shutting-down-in-2017	Twitter is shutting down in 2017 due to cyberbullying.	#SaveTwitter? Social Media Network Not Shutting Down in 2017
vclaim-sno-twitter-star-of-david	Twitter has banned users from displaying the Star of David in their profile pictures.	Did Twitter Ban the Display of the Star of David?
vclaim-sno-twitter-warning-trumps-tweet	"Twitter added a warning label to and hid U.S. President Donald Trump's tweet about the Minneapolis protests against police brutality, saying it violated the platform's rules against ""glorifying violence."""	Did Twitter Slap a Warning Label on a Trump Tweet for ‘Glorifying Violence’?
vclaim-sno-two-buck-luck	$2 bills are considered unlucky in the U.S.	Are Two Dollar Bills Unlucky?
vclaim-sno-two-burglars-predator	"A ""gay sex predator"" sodomized two burglars after they broke into his home."	Were Two Burglars Sodomized for Five Straight Days?
vclaim-sno-two-cents-and-sensibility	“Let me put in my two cents” gained its linguistic origin thanks to the game of poker.	Etymology of ‘Two Cents’
vclaim-sno-two-clinton-employees-arrested-destroying-evidence-uranium-probe-begins	Two of Hillary Clinton employees were arrested for destroying evidence related to a uranium probe.	Two Clinton Employees Arrested For Destroying Evidence As Uranium Probe Begins?
vclaim-sno-two-droplets	"A cryptic blog called ""Two Droplets"" told the story of the catastrophic effect of two droplets of drain cleaner on a family's life."	Two Droplets
vclaim-sno-two-facedbook	Facebook has announced it will be turning over user data to the FBI, CIA, and NSA.	On January 1st 2015 Facebook Will Drop a ‘Bombshell’
vclaim-sno-two-headed-sharks-terrorizing-ocean	Images show a number of mutant sharks with two heads.	Are Two-Headed Sharks Terrorizing the Ocean?
vclaim-sno-two-moons-over-dubai	Two moons were spotted over Dubai in February 2021.	Were Two Moons Spotted Over Dubai?
vclaim-sno-two-striped-telamonia-spider	Venomous 'two-striped telamonia' spiders are lurking beneath toilet seats in public restrooms.	Two-Striped Telamonia Spider
vclaim-sno-two-women-save-electoral-votes	A photograph taken on Jan. 6, 2021, showed two female U.S. Senate aides safely transporting boxes of Electoral College votes during the Capitol insurrection.	Does Photo Show 2 Women Saving Electoral Votes During Capitol Siege?
vclaim-sno-twosday-2022	The 22nd day of the 2nd month of the year 2022 will fall on a Tuesday.	Twosday? Will 2/22/2022 Really Fall on a Tuesday?
vclaim-sno-tyler-perry-harry-meghan-security	Entertainment mogul Tyler Perry let Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, stay at his Los Angeles home, and also offered them security after they left the United Kingdom following a rift with the royal family.	Did Tyler Perry Offer Harry and Meghan His Home and Security?
vclaim-sno-typhoid-mary	Typhoid Mary caused the deaths of thousands of people.	Did Typhoid Mary Cause the Deaths of Thousands of People?
vclaim-sno-typical-year-covid-deaths	A meme accurately reports that the U.S. recorded roughly 2.9 million deaths in 2020 — almost the same total as previous years — despite COVID-19.	Was 2020 a ‘Typical Year’ for US Deaths Despite COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-tyson-labor-day	Tyson Foods has dropped Labor Day as a holiday in favor of the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Fitr.	Did Tyson Foods Ditch Labor Day for a Muslim Holiday?
vclaim-sno-u-s-caught-repainting-fighter-jets-to-russian-colors	The United States was caught repainting some of their fighter jets in Russian air force colors for a false flag bombing.	U.S. Caught Repainting Fighter Jets to Russian Colors?
vclaim-sno-u-s-divorce-agreement-letter	"A law student named John J. Wall penned a ""divorce letter"" to the U.S."	U.S. ‘Divorce Agreement’ Letter
vclaim-sno-u-s-embassy-attacks-compared	More attacks on U.S. embassies, with more people killed, occurred during the G.W. Bush and Reagan administrations than under Obama.	More U.S. Embassy Attacks Under Bush and Reagan than Obama?
vclaim-sno-u-s-pilot-shot-down-after-destroying-korean-missile	The Pentagon has disavowed knowledge of a stranded Air Force pilot after he successfully intercepted a missile near North Korea.	Was a U.S. Pilot Shot Down After Destroying a North Korean Missile?
vclaim-sno-u-s-senate-candidate-missouri-womans-rights	"A Republican candidate for U.S. Senate for Missouri, Courtland Sykes, said he ""supports women’s rights"" but not if that means women become ""career obsessed banshees who forego home life and children and the happiness of family to become nail-biting manophobic hell-bent feminist she devils."""	United States Senate Candidate Favors a Woman’s Right to Cook Him Dinner?
vclaim-sno-u-s-special-forces-killed-a-giant-in-kandahar	United States Special Forces killed a giant in Kandahar in 2002, and the government is trying to cover it up.	Did U.S. Special Forces Kill a Giant in Kandahar?
vclaim-sno-u-s-trump-intelligence-russia	American intelligence has confirmed that President-elect Donald Trump was blackmailed by Russian operatives.	U.S. Intelligence Confirms Trump was Blackmailed by Russia?
vclaim-sno-uber-increase-london-attack	Uber increased its prices in parts of London around the time of a terror attack in June 2017	Did Uber Increase its Prices in London After a Terror Attack?
vclaim-sno-uber-lyft-free-rides-polls	Uber and Lyft offer voters free rides to the polls on Election Day.	Are Uber and Lyft Offering Voters Free Rides to the Polls for the 2018 Elections?
vclaim-sno-uber-shooter-lawsuit-damages	Jason Brian Dalton, who as accused of killing six people during a shooting spree in February 2016, is suing Uber for $10 million in damages.	Lawsuit from Uber Shooter Seeking $10M in Damages?
vclaim-sno-ucla-students-rally-behind-isis	"Photograph shows 5,000 UCLA students holding ""a candlelight vigil for fallen ISIS soldiers."""	UCLA Students Rally Behind Isis
vclaim-sno-ufo-footage-from-baja-california	Motorists in Mexicali, Mexico, shot footage capturing an extraterrestrial spacecraft.	Does This Footage Show a ‘UFO’ in Mexico?
vclaim-sno-ufo-new-jersey-tiktok	"A video shows a ""UFO"" flying over New Jersey in September 2020."	Was a UFO Spotted Over New Jersey?
vclaim-sno-ufo-photo-memphis-angola	A series of photographs show a UFO photographed over Memphis by several different people.	Was a UFO Photographed Over Memphis?
vclaim-sno-ufo-portal-cern	A UFO portal was filmed over the Large Hadron Collider.	FALSE: UFO Over CERN
vclaim-sno-ufo-portal-colorado	A UFO was seen disappearing into a portal over Colorado.	Did a UFO Disappear Into a ‘Portal’ Above Colorado?
vclaim-sno-ufo-spotted-malaysia	A massive disc-shaped UFO was spotted in Malaysia.	Was a Large Disc-Shaped UFO Spotted in Malaysia?
vclaim-sno-ufomitted	NASA cut a live video stream from the International Space Station just as a UFO appeared on the horizon.	Space Station Camera Captures UFO?
vclaim-sno-ufos-over-haiti	Video clip shows UFOs over Haiti.	Does Footage Show UFOs Flying Over Haiti and the Dominican Republic?
vclaim-sno-ufos-spotted-oklahoma-city	A video shows a group of unidentified flying objects over Oklahoma City.	Were UFOs Spotted Over Oklahoma City?
vclaim-sno-uganda-murder-gay-chick-fil-a	In October 2019, Chick-fil-A's charitable donations were contributing to efforts to introduce the death penalty for homosexuality in Uganda.	Did Chick-fil-A Help Fund an Anti-LGBT Death Penalty Law in Uganda?
vclaim-sno-ugg-sale	Stalker tracks women by offering Ugg boots for sale.	Ugg Boots Crime Warning
vclaim-sno-ugly-laws	"During the 19th and 20th centuries, some U.S. cities enacted so-called ""ugly laws"" banning people deemed ""diseased, maimed, mutilated or in any way deformed so as to be an unsightly or disgusting object or improper person"" from public spaces."	Did Some Cities in the United States Have ‘Ugly Laws’ to Keep Disabled People Out of Sight?
vclaim-sno-ugur-sahin-turkish-immigrant-photo	A widely shared photograph showed Ugur Sahin, CEO of BioNTech, as a young Turkish immigrant in Germany.	Does an Old Photo Show COVID Vax Creator as an Immigrant in Germany?
vclaim-sno-uh-oh-swastik-os	Heinz marketed swastika-shaped pasta in Germany before and during	Heinz Swastika-Shaped Pasta
vclaim-sno-uk-issues-lgbt-travel-warning-for-united-states	The UK issued a travel advisory for LGBT citizens visiting the United States after Mississippi and North Carolina passed controversial laws.	UK Issues LGBT Travel Warning for United States
vclaim-sno-uk-prime-minister-state-owns-children	UK prime minister Theresa May has reminded parents that their children are owned by the state.	Did the UK’s Prime Minister Remind Parents the State Owns Their Children?
vclaim-sno-uk-text-alert-coronavirus	The U.K. government has been sending texts informing recipients that they have been issued fines for leaving the house during the coronavirus lockdown.	No, UK Is Not Texting Fines for Leaving the House
vclaim-sno-ukraine-clinton-foundation	Ukraine donated more money than any other country to the Clinton Foundation.	Did Ukraine Donate More Than Any Country to the Clinton Foundation?
vclaim-sno-ulta-closing-sephora-buyout	Ulta Beauty will close its doors following a buyout by competitor Sephora.	Is Ulta Closing After a Sephora Buyout?
vclaim-sno-ultra-clorox	Ordinary use of Ultra Clorox bleach poses a general danger to household pets.	Ultra Clorox Harmful to Pets
vclaim-sno-un-arms-trade-treaty	"A U.N. small arms treaty signed by the U.S. provides a ""legal way around the 2nd Amendment."""	U.N. Arms Trade Treaty
vclaim-sno-un-backs-secret-obama-takeover-of-police	There is a secret Obama administration plan for a federal takeover of local police forces via Justice Department consent decrees.	UN Backs Secret Obama Takeover of Police
vclaim-sno-un-demands-slavery-reparations	The United Nations (UN) ruled that the United States must pay slavery reparations to black Americans.	UN Demands U.S. Pay Reparations for Slavery
vclaim-sno-un-official-john-ashe-killed-the-day-before-he-was-to-testify-against-hillary-clinton	Ex-UN Official John Ashe died suspiciously the day before he was scheduled to testify against Hillary Clinton.	UN Official John Ashe Killed the Day Before He Was to Testify Against Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-un-order-migrant-caravan	The U.N. declared war on the U.S. over President Trump's vow to refuse entry to migrants traveling with a caravan.	Did the UN Declare War on America and Order Trump to Let the Migrant Caravan In?
vclaim-sno-un-troops-americans-guns	The United Nations will kill all Americans who refuse to turn over their guns.	United Nations Troops to Kill Americans Who Won’t Turn in Guns?
vclaim-sno-un-vehicles-in-southern-states	UN vehicles have been quietly positioned for action in Virginia and Kentucky as a preemptive response to imminent economic collapse.	UN Vehicles and Trucks Spotted in Southern States
vclaim-sno-unacceptable-response	First responders and clergy are not invited to the 2011 September 11 memorial ceremony at ground zero.	First Responders Not Invited to 9/11 Anniversary Ceremonies
vclaim-sno-unbridled-lust	Russian empress Catherine the Great died while attempting to engage in sexual intercourse with a horse.	Was Catherine the Great Killed by a Horse?
vclaim-sno-uncancelled-stamps-mail-bombs	The lack of postmarks on explosive devices mailed to Democratic officials proves those items were not sent through the USPS.	Do Uncancelled Stamps Prove Mail Bombs Were Not Sent Through the USPS?
vclaim-sno-uncle-don-rumor	Children's radio host Uncle Don inadvertently uttered a shockingly derogatory remark about youngsters that was caught on an open mic.	Did Uncle Don Call Kids ‘Little Bastards’ on the Air?
vclaim-sno-uncommon-core	A Florida teacher gave 6th grade students an explicit sex ed lesson involving a strap-on sex toy to satisfy Common Core requirements.	Was a Florida Teacher Suspended After a Shocking Sex Ed Demonstration?
vclaim-sno-uncounted-california-ballots	Days after the California primary, a large share of ballots had yet to be counted in several counties.	Uncounted California Ballots
vclaim-sno-uncounted-sanders-ballots-clinton	Nearly 5 million uncounted California ballots cast for Bernie Sanders were found on Hillary Clinton's private email server by the F.B.I.	5 Million Uncounted Sanders Ballots Found on Clinton’s Email Server
vclaim-sno-under-the-knife	Photographs show injuries sustained by a victim of the September 2016 St. Cloud stabbing	St. Cloud Stabbing Victim
vclaim-sno-undercover-colors	"Students have developed a nail polish called ""Undercover Colors"" that can detect the presence of drugs linked to date rape."	‘Undercover Colors’: A Rape Drug-Detecting Nail Polish
vclaim-sno-undercover-cops-arrest	A group of undercover cops in Detroit attempted to arrest another group of undercover cops posing as drug dealers.	Did One Group of Undercover Cops Try to Arrest Other Undercover Cops?
vclaim-sno-underground-city-cades-cove	An ancient underground city was discovered beneath Cades Cove.	Was a Centuries-Old Underground City Discovered Beneath Cades Cove?
vclaim-sno-underlaid-to-rest	Carpet installer pounds a bump flat, then discovers that the family pet is missing.	Bump Under Rug
vclaim-sno-uneasy-rider	Video shows Jeff Gordon pranking a car salesman with a wild test drive.	Jeff Gordon Test Drive
vclaim-sno-unemployment-low-trump	Because of U.S. President Donald Trump, America recorded the lowest unemployment rate in 50 years.	Did US Unemployment Reach Record Low Due to Trump?
vclaim-sno-unesco-india-national-anthem	UNESCO declared India's national anthem, 'Jana Gana Mana,' to be the world's best.	Did UNESCO Declare India’s ‘Jana Gana Mana’ the World’s Best National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-unfit-for-command	Pope Francis once said “Women are naturally unfit for political office.”	FALSE: Pope Francis Said 'Women Are Naturally Unfit for Political Office
vclaim-sno-unfriended	The movie	Is the 'Unfriended' Movie Real?
vclaim-sno-unhappy-meal	McDonald’s restaurants will be placing Michelle Obama’s image on their drink cups.	Michelle Obama’s Face on McDonald’s Cups?
vclaim-sno-uni-florida-gator-bait-racist	"University of Florida dropped its “Gator Bait” cheer used at sporting events due to the phrase's invocation of a history of racist imagery of Black children being used as ""alligator bait."""	Did University Drop ‘Gator Bait’ Cheer Over Its Historical Connection to Racist Imagery?
vclaim-sno-unicorn-frappuccino-gay	"A man claimed drinking Starbucks' Unicorn Frappuccino ""made him gay."""	Did a Man Claim a Unicorn Frappuccino ‘Made Him Gay’?
vclaim-sno-unidentified-flying-object-seen-as-spacex-rocket-exploded	An unidentified flying object passes above SpaceX’s Falcon-9 rocket at the same moment it explodes, suggesting the rocket’s destruction was intentional.	‘Unidentified Flying Object’ Seen as SpaceX Rocket Exploded?
vclaim-sno-unidentified-submerged-object	A photograph shows a UFO discovered at the bottom of the Baltic Sea.	Was a UFO Found at the Bottom of the Baltic Sea?
vclaim-sno-uniformed-police-officers-banned-from-the-democratic-national-convention	Uniformed police officers were not allowed on the floor at the Democratic National Convention.	Uniformed Police Officers Banned From the Democratic National Convention
vclaim-sno-uniformed-veteran-deemed-offensive	A military veteran picking his child up from school was ejected lest other students find his uniform offensive.	Uniformed Veteran Kicked Out of Child’s School
vclaim-sno-union-smack	While visiting a Master Lock plant in Milwaukee, President Obama mistook the Wisconsin state flag for a union banner.	Obama Mistakes Wisconsin Flag for Union Banner
vclaim-sno-united-airlines-baby-slap	A United Airlines flight attendant slapped a 7 month-old baby in the face for crying during a flight.	United Airlines Flight Attendant Slaps Crying Baby During Flight?
vclaim-sno-united-airlines-begin-charging-use-overhead-storage	United Airlines will begin charging for overhead bin space.	United Airlines to Begin Charging for Use of Overhead Storage?
vclaim-sno-united-airlines-emotional-support-peacock	A woman seeking to bring her peacock along on a flight as an emotional support animal was denied permission to do so by United Airlines.	Did United Airlines Deny a Passenger’s Request to Fly with an Emotional Support Peacock?
vclaim-sno-united-airlines-remove-assad	The Pentagon awarded United Airlines a contract to forcibly remove Bashar al-Assad from Syria.	Pentagon Awards Contract to United Airlines to Forcibly Remove Assad?
vclaim-sno-united-airlines-seating-and-apparel	An image shows the heavily armed officers of United Airlines' Special Seating and Apparel Division.	Does United Airlines Have an Armed ‘Seating and Apparel’ Division?
vclaim-sno-united-passengers-crash-helmets	Photograph captures United Airlines passengers wearing protective crash helmets.	Are United Airlines Passengers Wearing Crash Helmets?
vclaim-sno-united-states-deporting-veterans	The United States is deporting military veterans.	Does the United States Deport Military Veterans?
vclaim-sno-united-states-lower-death-shootings	Between 2009 and 2015, the United States had a lower mass shootings death rate than several European countries.	Does the United States Have a Lower Death Rate From Mass Shootings Than European Countries?
vclaim-sno-united-states-safest-country	"The U.S. was ranked the ""118th safest country"" in the world in 2019, a decline of 53 places since 2018."	Was the US Ranked the ‘118th Safest Country’ in the World in 2019?
vclaim-sno-united-states-third-murders	The United States has the third-highest rate of homicides worldwide, but drops dramatically in the rankings if four major cities are excluded from the stats.	Does the U.S. Have the Third-Highest Rate of Homicides Worldwide?
vclaim-sno-united-way-covid-relief	The phone number 1-866-211-9966 connects callers with the United Way's COVID-19 Community Economic Relief Fund.	Does This Phone Number Connect with United Way’s COVID-19 Relief Fund?
vclaim-sno-universal-orlando-police-shirt	"Universal Orlando Resort stopped a retired police officer from entering the theme park because his T-shirt said ""Retired Police Officer"" on it."	Was a Man Wearing a ‘Retired Police Officer’ Shirt Denied Entry at Universal Orlando?
vclaim-sno-university-clapping-ban	The student union at the University of Manchester instituted a ban on audible clapping during their events.	Did a UK University Ban Clapping at Student Events?
vclaim-sno-university-forced-students-to-wear-hijabs-for-event	Administrators at the University of Wisconsin forced students to wear hijabs during Islam Appreciation Week.	University Forced Students to Wear Hijabs for Event?
vclaim-sno-university-of-texas-masculinity	Liberals at the University of Texas called for masculinity to be designated a mental illness	Do ‘Liberals’ at the University of Texas Want to Designate Masculinity a Mental Illness?
vclaim-sno-unknown-soldier-protest-kneeling-man	A viral image shows a man kneeling in protest at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Arlington National Cemetery.	Did a Protester Kneel During a Ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
vclaim-sno-unleaded	Regulations taking effect 10 February 2009 prohibit the sale of used children’s products that have not been tested and certified as meeting new standards for lead and phthalate content.	Resale of Used Children’s Clothes and Books
vclaim-sno-unlock-iphone-tiktok-video	A locked iPhone can be unlocked with a secret code in Apple's Calculator app.	Did a TikTok Reveal the Secret to Unlock Any iPhone?
vclaim-sno-unmellow-yellow	Recent seismic activity in Yellowstone Park portends a coming cataclysmic volcanic eruption.	Do Yellowstone Earthquakes Foretell a Coming Cataclysm?
vclaim-sno-unnamed-app	An “Unnamed App” in Facebook’s profile settings harbors a spybot.	Facebook Unnamed App
vclaim-sno-unnatural-predator	Photograph shows an orca whale attacking a black bear.	Orca Attacks Bear
vclaim-sno-unobtainium-real	"A substance dubbed ""unobtainium"" is a real chemical or a valid element included in the periodic table."	Is ‘Unobtainium’ a Real Element?
vclaim-sno-unoda	Document announces the creation of a United Nations “Civilian Weapons Confiscation Study Group.”	United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs – Civilian Weapons Confiscation Study Group
vclaim-sno-unsavory-practice	A viewer received an insulting response after sending a complaint to ABC’s web site about the television series	Jim Neugent — The Practice
vclaim-sno-unsold-cars	Photographs show thousands and thousands of unsold new cars deteriorating in storage lots until they are scrapped.	Where the World’s Unsold Cars Go to Die
vclaim-sno-unstoppable-rumor	Facebook is blocking links to the web site for Kirk Cameron’s film	‘Unstoppable’ Banned by Facebook?
vclaim-sno-unsure-cure	Researchers at Stanford University have found a cure for Alzheimer’s disease.	Stanford University Has Discovered an Alzheimer’s Cure?
vclaim-sno-unsweetened-caroline	Caroline Kennedy said that she can’t stand President Obama’s voice and that he’s a liar.	Caroline Kennedy on Barack Obama
vclaim-sno-unthemely-behavior	The theme to the original 'Star Trek' television includes never-used lyrics.	‘Star Trek’: Words and Music
vclaim-sno-untitled	Columbia Records mistakenly released a Byrds album without a title.	The ‘Untitled’ Byrds Album
vclaim-sno-unused-semen-bill	"Female lawmakers unveiled a bill prohibiting the disposal of ""unused semen."""	Did Female Lawmakers Unveil a Bill Governing ‘Unused Semen’?
vclaim-sno-unusual-development	HealthCare.gov was developed on a no-bid contract at a cost overrun of $634 million by a Canadian company selected because they donated $47 million to the Obama campaign and employ Michelle Obama’s classmate as a top executive.	Toni Townes-Whitley and HealthCare.gov Web Site Development
vclaim-sno-up-the-butt-bob	"A 'Newlywed Game' contestant said the weirdest place she'd ever ""made whoopee"" was ""up the butt."""	‘Up the Butt, Bob’
vclaim-sno-up-up-and-away	"A man soared three miles above Los Angeles in an ""aircraft"" consisting of an aluminum lawn chair tethered to helium weather balloons."	Did Larry Walters Fly in a Lawn Chair Attached to Helium Balloons?
vclaim-sno-update-voicemail-no-service	In the event of a hurricane, mobile phone users can update their voicemail greetings even if they lose WiFi and cellular service.	Can Mobile Phone Users Update Their Voicemail Greetings Without Cellular Service?
vclaim-sno-upon-reflection	Wet footprints behind the sofa prove that a teen babysitter barely escaped from a knife-wielding intruder.	Killer’s Reflection
vclaim-sno-upper-case	A federal judge has ordered Barack Obama to prove his eligibility for the presidency in court on	Judge Carter Orders Obama to Prove Eligibility
vclaim-sno-uranium-one-vyacheslav-ivanov	"Vyacheslav Ivanov, a former executive at Rosatom, was killed in a February 2018 plane crash as part of a ""deep state"" plot to cover up corruption by the Clintons."	Was a Russian Nuclear Executive Killed in a Plane Crash to Cover Up Clinton Corruption?
vclaim-sno-urgent-prayers-for-queragosh	Prayers are needed for the city of Queragosh (Qaraqosh), which has fallen to ISIS and is seeing Christian children being beheaded in large numbers.	Sean Malone Queragosh Alert
vclaim-sno-urine-for-a-surprise	A medical school instructor lectures the class on the importance of taste as a diagnostic tool and demonstrates his point by conducting a diabetes test which involves dipping his finger into a flask of urine and licking it.	Urine Test
vclaim-sno-urine-good-hands-2	A roadside samaritan renders innovative assistance to a stranded motorcyclist.	Urination on Frozen Gas Cap
vclaim-sno-urine-in-corona-beer	Workers at the Corona brewery urinate into the beer.	Urine in Corona Beer
vclaim-sno-urine-into-electricity	A team of four Nigerian girls has created a generator that produces six hours of electricity using only a single liter of urine as fuel.	Does Nigerian Girls’ Science Fair Project Turn One Liter of Urine Into Six Hours of Electricity?
vclaim-sno-urine-trouble-now	A man was caught cheating on a drug test when urinalysis revealed he was pregnant.	Pregnant Male Drug Test Cheater
vclaim-sno-us-air-traffic-video-from-9-11	An animation video shows air traffic over the United States on Sept. 11, 2001, as thousands of flights were grounded after a terrorist attack on the country.	Does This Video Show US Air Traffic on Sept. 11, 2001?
vclaim-sno-us-army-sending-texts-on-draft	The U.S. Army is sending text messages informing people they've been selected for the military draft.	Is US Army Sending Texts About a Military Draft?
vclaim-sno-us-bans-pokemon-go	The U.S. government has announced  they are planning to permanently ban Pokemon Go.	U.S. Announces Plans to Ban Pokemon Go Permanently
vclaim-sno-us-capitol-security-fence	A permanent perimeter fence is planned for the U.S. Capitol in response to the Jan. 6, 2021, insurrection.	Will US Capitol Get a Permanent Security Fence?
vclaim-sno-us-coronavirus-test	"The United States ""refused"" COVID-19 diagnostic tests offered by the World Health Organization."	Did US ‘Refuse’ COVID-19 Testing Kits from the World Health Organization?
vclaim-sno-us-covid-deaths-vietnam-war	The total number of COVID-19 deaths in the U.S. will be double the American death toll from the Vietnam War by fall 2020.	Will US COVID-19 Deaths Be Double the Number of US Vietnam War Deaths by Fall 2020?
vclaim-sno-us-democracy-ranking	The United States has “dropped off” a list of the 20 most democratic countries in the world.	Is the U.S. No Longer One of the Top 20 Most Democratic Countries in the World?
vclaim-sno-us-government-subsidize-viagra	"The U.S. government ""subsidizes"" medications for erectile dysfunction."	Does the U.S. Government Subsidize Viagra?
vclaim-sno-us-imposed-martial-law	Martial law has been imposed 64 times in the United States.	Has the US Imposed Martial Law 64 Times?
vclaim-sno-us-leads-world-reducing-co2	"In 2019 the United States ""led the world"" in reducing carbon dioxide emissions."	Did US ‘Lead the World’ in Reducing CO2 Emissions in 2019?
vclaim-sno-us-millionaires-stimulus-checks	U.S. millionaires will each receive an average of $1.7 million in stimulus payments via the March 2020 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.	Are US Millionaires Receiving $1.7M in COVID-19 Stimulus Checks?
vclaim-sno-us-minimum-drinking-age	The minimum legal drinking age in the U.S. is being raised to 25.	Is the U.S. Minimum Legal Drinking Age Being Raised to 25?
vclaim-sno-us-more-registered-voters-than-adults	The U.S. has several million more registered voters than eligible, voting-age adults.	Does the U.S. Have Millions More Registered Voters Than Eligible Adults?
vclaim-sno-us-pulling-out-of-un	One of the first acts of the Trump administration was to seek the end of U.S. participation in the United Nations.	Is the U.S. Pulling Out of the United Nations?
vclaim-sno-us-residents-to-be-implanted-with-microchips	Health care legislation requires that U.S. residents be implanted with RFID microchips.	U.S. Residents to Be Implanted with Microchips
vclaim-sno-us-returning-puerto-rico-to-spain	The United States government has secretly negotiated a deal to return the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico to Spain.	Is the United States Returning Puerto Rico to Spain?
vclaim-sno-us-tons-ppe-china	The U.S. facilitated the sending of nearly 17.8 tons of donated medical supplies to China to combat the spread of the novel coronavirus in early 2020.	Did the Trump Administration Send 18 Tons of PPE to China in Early 2020?
vclaim-sno-us-wakanda-trading-partner	The U.S. listed the fictional country of Wakanda as a trading partner.	Did the US List Fictional Wakanda as a Trading Partner?
vclaim-sno-us-womens-soccer-nazi-salute	A photograph shows a U.S. women's soccer player giving the Nazi salute in front of a Jewish heritage museum in New York City.	Did U.S. Women’s Soccer Player Give Nazi Salute Outside Holocaust Museum?
vclaim-sno-usa-rescue-plan-9-percent	Only 9% of the $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan is related to COVID-19 relief.	Is Only 9% of the American Rescue Plan Related to COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-usain-bolt-donated-10-million-to-haiti	Usain Bolt donated $10 million and Shakira donated $15 million to help rebuild Haiti after Hurricane Matthew.	Usain Bolt, Shakira Donated Millions to Haiti After Hurricane Matthew
vclaim-sno-usain-bolt-donates-earnings	Usain Bolt donated his entire $20 million earnings from the Olympic Games to his Jamaican high school.	Usain Bolt Donates All His $20 Million Olympic Earnings to His Former School
vclaim-sno-usda-secretary-tom-vilsack-vegan	U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack is vegan.	Is Biden’s Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack a Vegan?
vclaim-sno-usgs-volcanic-threat-level	A 2018 update to a USGS report reclassified the risk of a supereruption from the Yellowstone caldera as being higher than previous assessments.	Did the USGS ‘Increase’ Yellowstone’s Volcanic Threat Level?
vclaim-sno-usher-std-rumor	In 2012, Usher paid $1.1 million to settle a lawsuit brought by a woman claiming he had knowingly infected her with herpes.	Was Usher Successfully Sued for Giving a Woman Herpes?
vclaim-sno-usps-50409	"Texting ""USPS"" to 50409 engages a service called ""Resistbot"" and generates a letter of support for the Postal Service that is sent to a user's political representatives."	Does Texting ‘USPS’ to 50409 Send a Letter to Your Political Representatives?
vclaim-sno-usps-christmas-stamps-obama	The United States Postal Service will stop selling religion-based Christmas stamps in 2016.	War on Christmas Stamps
vclaim-sno-usps-closing-due-to-covid-19	The U.S. economic downturn due to the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic in early 2020 was forcing the United States Postal Service to close.	Is USPS Closing Soon Because of COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-usps-deliverers-personal-vehicles	The transportation of federal mail by a U.S. Postal Service deliverer in a privately owned vehicle is against the law.	Is It Illegal for USPS Deliverers To Use Personal Vehicles?
vclaim-sno-usps-locking-mailboxes	The U.S. Postal Service placed locks on mailboxes to prevent voters from casting mail-in ballots in the 2020 presidential election.	Is USPS Locking Mailboxes To Undermine 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-usps-mailboxes-removed-oregon	Several U.S. Postal Service mailboxes were removed in Oregon in August 2020.	Were USPS Mailboxes Removed in Oregon?
vclaim-sno-usps-secret-service-false-flag	News media claims of bombs sent by mail to the Clintons and Obamas were false because USPS doesn't deliver mail to persons under Secret Service protection.	Does USPS Never Deliver Mail Directly to People Under Secret Service Protection?
vclaim-sno-usps-slowing-mail-trump	"U.S. Postmaster General Louis DeJoy, a political ally to U.S. President Donald Trump, ordered Postal Service carriers to ""slow the mail down"" to help Trump win the 2020 presidential election."	Is USPS Purposefully Slowing Mail To Help Reelect Trump?
vclaim-sno-uss-al-gore-stuck-in-ice	"A photograph shows the ""USS Al Gore"" global warming research vessel frozen in ice."	Did the ‘USS Al Gore’ Get Stuck in Ice?
vclaim-sno-uss-constitution	"The crew of the USS Constitution (""Old Ironsides"") consumed more than 250,000 gallons of liquor and no water at all during a six-month voyage in 1798."	Three Sheets to the Wind: The Rum-Soaked Voyage of the USS Constitution
vclaim-sno-uss-mccain-trump	In the spring of 2019, the White House asked U.S. naval and Air Force officials to ensure the USS John S. McCain, or its name, was not visible during U.S. President Donald Trump's 27 May speech in Japan.	Did the White House Ask the Navy to Keep the USS John S. McCain ‘Out of Sight’ for Trump’s Visit?
vclaim-sno-uss-new-york	Images show the	USS New York
vclaim-sno-uta-flight-772-memorial	Photographs show a desert memorial constructed to honor the victims of UTA Flight 772.	TRUEL UTA Flight 772 Memorial
vclaim-sno-utah-school-death-template-letter	A school district in Utah included a template letter to send home if a student or staff member died after reopening amid the COVID-19 pandemic.	Did a Utah School Reopening Plan Include Template Letter in Case a Student Dies?
vclaim-sno-utair-plane-destroyed-fired	A video shows an airport worker destroying a plane after they were fired.	Airport Worker Destroys Jet After Getting Fired
vclaim-sno-utility-bill-payment-scam	A government grant will pay your utility bill in full for one month.	Utility Bill Payment Scam
vclaim-sno-uw-booklet-student-added	The photograph used for a University of Wisconsin application booklet was altered to include the face of a black student.	University of Wisconsin Booklet Photoshopped to Add Black Student
vclaim-sno-va-hospital-flag-pride	A VA hospital removed military flags in order to fly a LGBTQ pride flag.	Did a VA Hospital Replace Military Flags with a Pride Flag?
vclaim-sno-vaccinations-may-cause-homosexuality	Sarah Palin said vaccinations were linked to homosexuality.	Sarah Palin: Vaccinations May Cause Homosexuality
vclaim-sno-vaccine-biden-trump	"The Biden administration had to ""start from scratch"" with a comprehensive COVID-19 vaccine distribution plan because the Trump administration had no working plan."	Did Biden Inherit ‘Nonexistent’ COVID-19 Vaccine Distribution Plan?
vclaim-sno-vaccine-lung-damage	COVID-19 mRNA vaccines will become deadly a few months after administration because the antibodies they create have been shown to cause deadly immune reactions resulting in damage to the lungs.	Will mRNA COVID-19 Vaccines Wreak ‘Havoc on The Lungs’ in 4 to 14 Months?
vclaim-sno-vaccine-vial-evacuating-building	If the vial to a mercury-containing vaccine is broken, the building must be evacuated.	Would Breaking a Vaccine Vial Necessitate Evacuating a Building?
vclaim-sno-vaccines-dc-minors	A U.S. law allows children as young as 11 to get vaccinated without their parents' consent.	Did a Bill Pass That Lets US Kids Get Vaccinated Without Parental Consent?
vclaim-sno-vagina-called-front-hole	"The medical term ""vagina"" has been replaced with the phrase ""front hole."""	Has the Medical Term ‘Vagina’ Been Replaced with the Phrase ‘Front Hole?’
vclaim-sno-valedictorian-drop-out-ceo	Gio Managadze dropped out of the University of Maryland just before graduating as valedictorian to become a CEO.	Did a Valedictorian Drop Out Just Before Graduating to Become a CEO?
vclaim-sno-valentina-vassilyeva-children	A photograph shows the offspring of a woman who gave birth to 69 children.	Does This Photograph Show the Offspring of a Woman Who Gave Birth to 69 Children?
vclaim-sno-valentins-appeal	A student in Russia named Valentin Mikhaylin needs your financial assistance to heat his apartment, buy food, and provide medical care for his ailing mother.	Valentin Mikhaylin Appeal
vclaim-sno-valid-face-mask-exemption-card	The U.S. Department of Justice issued a card that exempts holders from wearing face masks on the grounds that it poses a health risk to them due to medical conditions they aren't required to disclose by authority of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).	Is This a Valid Face Mask Exemption Card?
vclaim-sno-valium-effort	The FDA has approved an ativan diffuser for use in hospitals.	FDA Finally Approves the Ativan Diffuser for all Hospital Units
vclaim-sno-vampire-bats-social-distance	A 2020 study showed that when some vampire bats feel sick, they practice “social distancing” from group mates in their roost.	Do Vampire Bats Practice ‘Social Distancing’ When Feeling Ill?
vclaim-sno-vampire-hunting-kit-from-1800s	A photograph shows a vampire hunting kit from the early 19th century.	Is This a Vampire Hunting Kit from the Early 19th Century?
vclaim-sno-van-full-of-illegals-shows-up-to-vote-clinton-at-six-polling-places	"A van full of ""illegals"" traveled from voting booth to voting booth in Arizona in order to vote (illegally) for Hillary Clinton."	Van Full of ‘Illegals’ Shows up to Vote Clinton at Six Polling Places
vclaim-sno-vanessa-bryant-suicide	Vanessa Bryant died by suicide in February 2020.	No, Vanessa Bryant Did Not Kill Herself After Kobe’s Death
vclaim-sno-vanilla-ice-cream-black	Vanilla ice cream was originally a deep, dark black color before white people demanded it be changed in 1912.	Was Vanilla Ice Cream Originally Black?
vclaim-sno-vanna-white-goodbye	Vanna White was fired from her hostess role on 'Wheel of Fortune' due to her compulsive roulette playing.	Wheel of Fortune Says Goodbye to Vanna White?
vclaim-sno-vaping-causes-popcorn-lung	"A study proved e-cigarette use (or vaping) leads to an incurable condition known as ""popcorn lung."""	Vaping Causes ‘Popcorn Lung’?
vclaim-sno-vatican-covid-vaccine	"The Vatican said it's morally acceptable for Catholics to receive a coronavirus vaccine, even though the vaccines were developed using research on cells from fetuses that were aborted ""in the last century."""	Did the Vatican Say It’s OK To Get the COVID-19 Vaccine?
vclaim-sno-vatican-diplomat-child-pornography	Pope Francis granted diplomatic immunity to a Vatican diplomat suspected of child pornography offenses in the United States.	Did Pope Francis ‘Grant Immunity’ to a Vatican Diplomat Caught With Child Pornography?
vclaim-sno-vatican-nativity	The Vatican's Nativity display includes a statue of Darth Vader.	Does the Vatican Have Darth Vader in Its Nativity Scene?
vclaim-sno-vatican-rifle-team	A photograph shows the Vatican Women's Rifle Team.	Is This the Vatican Women’s Rifle Team?
vclaim-sno-veal-crates	Photograph shows crates in which calves are kept immobilized for six weeks before they are slaughtered for veal.	Veal Crates
vclaim-sno-vegan-food-unsold	A photograph shows store shelves stripped of all foodstuffs except for vegan products during the COVID-19 pandemic.	Are These Vegan Foods Left Unsold During the COVID-19 Pandemic?
vclaim-sno-vegans-vegetarians-broken-bones	A November 2020 study found that vegetarian and vegan diets can put people at higher risk for either total or site-specific bone fractures.	Are Vegans and Vegetarians More Likely To Suffer Broken Bones?
vclaim-sno-vegetarian-chicken-flavored-ham	A photograph shows a genuine food product for vegetarian chicken-flavored ham.	Is a Photo of Vegetarian Chicken-Flavored Ham Real?
vclaim-sno-vegetarians-safe-from-covid19	Vegetarians are unaffected by COVID-19 because the virus is passed on through eating meat.	Are Vegetarians Safe from COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-veggietales-cannabis-character	The animated children's program 'VeggieTales' introduced a cannabis character in August 2018.	Did ‘VeggieTales’ Introduce a New Cannabis Character?
vclaim-sno-velveeta-and-reynolds-wrap-coupons	Two Internet-circulated coupons can be redeemed for free Velveeta and Reynolds Wrap products.	Velveeta and Reynolds Wrap Coupons
vclaim-sno-velvet-cowkiller-ant	Photographs show a velvet cow killer ant.	Is This a Velvet Cowkiller Ant?
vclaim-sno-venezuela-money-in-gutter	A photograph shows piles of currency throw in a gutter in Venezuela, money made worthless due to socialism.	Is this a Photograph of Worthless Money in the Gutters of Venezuela?
vclaim-sno-venezuelan-poodle-moth	"Photograph shows a newly discovered species of ""Venezuelan poodle moth."""	Is the ‘Venezuelan Poodle Moth’ Real?
vclaim-sno-venmo-scam	Scammers send fake payments to strangers on Venmo and then request that money be sent back.	‘Accidental’ Venmo Payment from a Stranger May Be a Scam
vclaim-sno-venomous-asp-caterpillar	Photographs show a venomous caterpillar known as an asp.	Is This a Photograph of a Venomous ‘Asp’ Caterpillar?
vclaim-sno-ventilators-warehouse-new-york	Democrats in New York stashed ventilators in a warehouse in an effort to make the COVID-19 pandemic worse.	Were Ventilators Found ‘Stashed’ in a Warehouse in New York?
vclaim-sno-ventolin-safety-recall	GlaxoSmithKline is recalling 600,000 Ventolin inhalers.	Is a Safety Recall of Ventolin Inhalers Underway?
vclaim-sno-verizon-firefighter-data-service	"Verizon Wireless limited the Santa Clara County Fire Department's data access by ""throttling"" their service in the midst of a wildfire."	Did Verizon Wireless Throttle a Fire Department’s Data Service During a Wildfire?
vclaim-sno-vermin-supreme	A candidate named Vermin Supreme is running for President in 2016 on a platform of free ponies for everyone.	Vermin Supreme
vclaim-sno-vermont-cell-phones	The state of Vermont made it illegal to own a cellphone for anyone under age 21.	Did Vermont Outlaw Anyone Under Age 21 from Owning a Cellphone?
vclaim-sno-vermont-state-trooper-attacked-hooligans	A video shows a Vermont State Trooper's being attacked by a group of children on a school bus.	Was a Vermont State Trooper Attacked by ‘Hooligans’?
vclaim-sno-verses-foiled-again	Politician cites the wrong verse as his favorite Biblical passage.	Politician Quotes Wrong Bible Verse
vclaim-sno-veteran-kaepernick-take-a-knee-anthem	U.S. Army veteran Nate Boyer convinced Colin Kaepernick to kneel, rather than sit, while protesting police brutality during the national anthem.	Did a U.S. Veteran Influence Kaepernick’s ‘Take a Knee’ Protest of Police Brutality?
vclaim-sno-veterans-border-wall	The graves of some U.S. veterans will be dug up to build part of President Donald Trump's U.S.-Mexico border wall.	Will Graves of US Veterans Be Dug Up for Trump’s Border Wall?
vclaim-sno-veterans-corpses-found-rotting	Dozens of veterans' bodies were left to rot in a Chicago-area VA hospital's morgue.	Veterans’ Corpses Found Rotting in Chicago VA’s Morgue?
vclaim-sno-veterans-day-tribute	Photographs show a 2011 NFL Veterans Day tribute that ESPN omitted from their pre-game coverage.	Was a Veterans Day Tribute at Lambeau Field Not Aired by ESPN?
vclaim-sno-veterans-food-stamps	In June 2018, the House of Representatives passed a bill that would deny all veterans access to food stamps.	Did Congress Vote to Take Away Food Stamps from 1.5 Million Veterans?
vclaim-sno-veterans-national-parks-lifetime	Veterans and Gold Star families get free access to national parks starting on Veterans Day 2020.	Do Veterans Get Free Access to National Parks?
vclaim-sno-veterans-shop-exchange-online	Military veterans who received honorable discharges are eligible to shop online at military exchanges.	Can Veterans Shop Online at Military Exchange Stores?
vclaim-sno-veterans-suicide-hotline	President Donald Trump cut funding for the veteran suicide hotline.	Trump Cuts Veteran Suicide Hotline Funding?
vclaim-sno-veto-for-the-crony	The BATF plans to ban “green tip” ammunition due to an executive order issued by President Obama.	Obama to Outlaw .223 Ammunition (M855) Through Executive Action
vclaim-sno-vibrant-bra-giveaway	Vibrant Body Company staged an online bra promotion as a front for human trafficking.	Is a Vibrant Bra Promotion a Criminal Scam?
vclaim-sno-victim-attacker-potato-peeler	A female rape victim was arrested after she took revenge on her attacker by stripping the skin off his genitals using a potato peeler.	Did a Rape Victim Strip the Skin Off Her Attacker’s Genitals with a Potato Peeler?
vclaim-sno-victoria-secret-tracking-device	Victoria's Secret puts radio-frequency identification tags (RFID) chips in its bras so that it can track customers.	Is Victoria’s Secret Planting Tracking Devices in Bras?
vclaim-sno-victoria-stafford	Eight-year-old Victoria Stafford is missing from her Woodstock, Ontario, home.	Missing Child: Victoria Stafford
vclaim-sno-victoria-woodhull-hillary-clinton	Victoria Woodhull, not Hillary Clinton, was the first female presidential nominee.	Victoria Woodhull Was the First Female Presidential Candidate, Not Hillary Clinton
vclaim-sno-victorias-secret	Victoria’s Secret introduced a line of provocative lingerie for teenage girls.	Victoria’s Secret — Bright Young Things
vclaim-sno-video-8-supernatural-car-crashes	A video shows a series of supernatural car accidents in which the vehicles can be seen crashing into nothing.	Does This Video Show 8 Supernatural Car Crashes?
vclaim-sno-video-beating-dutch-boy-crutches	"A ""Muslim migrant"" beats up a boy on crutches in a video posted to a site in the Netherlands."	Did a ‘Muslim Migrant’ Beat Up a Dutch Boy on Crutches?
vclaim-sno-video-busy-intersection	A video shows a busy intersection where accidents are narrowly averted.	Are These Cars Narrowly Missing Each Other at a Busy Intersection?
vclaim-sno-video-flaming-tire-car	A video shows a flaming tire rocketing past a car.	Is This a ‘Flaming Tire’ Rocketing Past a Car?
vclaim-sno-video-game-canon	Entering secret codes on a Canon calculator enables you to play classic video games such as Tetris on it.	Can You Play Tetris on a Canon Calculator?
vclaim-sno-video-mlk-republican	A video of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s niece saying he was a Republican proves he the civil rights leader was affiliated with that party.	Does This Video Prove Martin Luther King Was a Republican?
vclaim-sno-video-muslims-sharia-ashoura	"A video shows Muslims ""marching for Sharia law"" in England."	Did Muslims March in Favor of Sharia Law in England?
vclaim-sno-video-of-a-globular-bolt-real	"A video documents a rare ""globular bolt,"" or ""sphere lightning,"" as it crosses a train track."	Is This Video of a ‘Globular Bolt’ Real?
vclaim-sno-video-of-drone-strike-soleimani	A video shows the U.S.-ordered drone strike that killed Iran Gen. Qassem Soleimani.	Does This Video Show the Drone Strike That Killed Soleimani?
vclaim-sno-video-pelosi-slur-speech	A video shows U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi drunk and slurring her speech.	Does Video Show Pelosi Drunk and Slurring Speech?
vclaim-sno-video-police-brutality-us	A video shows police officers beating citizens on the streets of the United States.	Does This Video Show Police Brutality in the US?
vclaim-sno-video-throws-race-into-chaos	"A ""secretly made Israeli intelligence video recording"" captures ""Bill Clinton raping a 13-year-old girl."""	Video Showing Bill Clinton Rape of 13-Year-Old Girl Plunges Presidential Race Into Chaos
vclaim-sno-video-tiger-chasing-motorcycle	A video shows a tiger briefly chasing a motorcycle.	Is This Video of a Tiger Chasing a Motorcycle Real?
vclaim-sno-video-trump-mocking-garner-floyd	"A video shows U.S. President Donald Trump mocking the death of George Floyd and/or Eric Garner by pretending to choke and saying, ""I can't breathe."""	Does Video Show Trump Mocking Eric Garner or George Floyd?
vclaim-sno-video-trump-supporters	"A video shows a crowd of people in the UK chanting ""We Love Trump"" in June 2019."	Is This a Video of UK Trump Supporters from June 2019?
vclaim-sno-vietnam-veterans-tropic-thunder	A photograph shows a group of underappreciated Vietnam veterans.	Image of ‘Vietnam Vets’ Is a Still From a Movie
vclaim-sno-vietnam-wall-graffiti	The Vietnam Veterans Memorial was defaced with graffiti in 2016.	Was the Vietnam Memorial Vandalized with Graffiti?
vclaim-sno-vigilante-arrested-killing-30-pedophiles	An arrested Nebraska man confessed to murdering more than 30 sex offenders in a 15-year vigilante killing spree.	Was a Vigilante Arrested for Killing 30 Pedophiles in Mass Murder Spree?
vclaim-sno-viking-funeral-california	A California family was ticketed after holding a Viking funeral at a local lake.	Was a Family Cited for a Viking Funeral on a California Lake?
vclaim-sno-vin-diesel-death-hoax	Actor Vin Diesel has died.	Vin Diesel Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-vince-foster-avoid-testifying	Clinton associate Vince Foster shot himself three times in the back of the head to avoid testifying against Hillary Clinton.	Did Vince Foster Shoot Himself ‘Three Times in the Back of the Head’ to Avoid Testifying Against Hillary Clinton?
vclaim-sno-vince-foster-exhumed	Rep. Trey Gowdy ordered the exhumation of the body of Clinton associate Vince Foster.	Trey Gowdy Just Had a Federal Judge Issue an Order to Exhume a Body?
vclaim-sno-vindman-fired-nsc	National Security Advisor Robert C. O'Brien said that Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman was being removed from the NSC.	Was Lt. Col. Vindman ‘Fired’ from the National Security Council?
vclaim-sno-vindman-retired-false-testimony	"Alexander Vindman ""quit"" the Army ""after admitting he falsely testified at President Trump's impeachment inquiry."""	Did Alexander Vindman ‘Quit’ the Army After Admitting to Falsely Testifying at Impeachment?
vclaim-sno-vinegar-bread-garage	Homeowners should soak a piece of bread in white vinegar and leave it in their garages.	Can Vinegar on a Slice of Bread Remove Odors from a Garage?
vclaim-sno-vinny-the-gull-orange-bird	An exotic-looking, orange bird found in England turned out to be just a gull covered in spice.	Was a Mysterious Orange Bird Just a Gull Covered in Spice?
vclaim-sno-vintage-daisy-gun-ad	An image shows a vintage 1950s Sears catalog advertisement featuring a smiling family all holding guns.	Is an Ad Touting ‘A Gun for the Whole Family’ Real?
vclaim-sno-vintage-pyrex-contains-unsafe-levels-of-lead	Vintage Pyrex contains unsafe levels of lead, making it dangerous for any sort of food serving or storing purpose.	Vintage Pyrex Contains Unsafe Levels of Lead?
vclaim-sno-violence-against-women-act-vote	"The six Republican ""ranking members"" of the Senate Judiciary Committee voted against the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act in 2013."	Did These GOP Senators Vote Against Reauthorizing the ‘Violence Against Women Act’?
vclaim-sno-violent-aftermath-of-coronavirus	A video shows a chaotic scene in Wuhan, China, involving doctors armed with weapons, gunshots to deter people from leaving a new coronavirus quarantine, and a woman who was shot dead after she attempted to break through a roadblock.	Does Video Show Guns, Violence in Aftermath of Coronavirus Outbreak in China?
vclaim-sno-violin-island-in-costa-rica	A photograph shows an island that is shaped like a violin in Costa Rica.	‘Violin Island’ in Costa Rica?
vclaim-sno-viral-mercury-aluminum-mixing-vaccines	The reaction between metallic mercury and aluminum, which produces a dramatic chain reaction popular on YouTube science channels, is evidence that vaccines are not safe.	Does a Viral Video of Mercury and Aluminum Mixing Suggest That Vaccines Are Unsafe?
vclaim-sno-viral-molten-copper-big-mac	A viral video showing molten copper being poured over a Big Mac definitively proves that McDonald's food is indestructible and indigestible.	Viral Video: Pouring Molten Copper Over a Big Mac
vclaim-sno-virgin-islands-order-seizure-weapons-irma	In September 2017, U.S. Virgin Islands Governor Kenneth Mapp signed an executive order empowering the National Guard to seize weapons and other private property.	Did the Governor of the United States’ Virgin Islands Sign an Order Allowing the Seizure of Weapons During Hurricane Irma?
vclaim-sno-virginia-beach-shooter	"The Virginia Beach shooter was a ""black Muslim"" Democrat, and the ""MSM"" are not reporting it."	Did News Media Hide That Virginia Beach Shooter Was ‘Black Muslim’ Democrat?
vclaim-sno-virginia-gun-rally-emergency	The state of Virginia declared a state of emergency ahead of pro-gun rallies in Richmond, Virginia.	Did Virginia Declare a State of Emergency Ahead of Pro-Gun Rallies?
vclaim-sno-virginia-gun-rally-staged	"Busloads of ""antifa"" infiltrators plotted to commit acts of violence at the Richmond, Virginia, pro-gun rally on MLK Day 2020."	Did Antifa Plan to Infiltrate Virginia’s Pro-Gun Rally to Stage Violence?
vclaim-sno-virginia-illegal-criticize-leaders	Virginia legislators are trying to make criticizing state leaders a criminal offense.	Is Virginia Criminalizing Dissent Against State Leaders?
vclaim-sno-virginia-martial-arts-firearms-law	A proposed Virginia law would outlaw martial arts and firearms instruction.	Would a Proposed Virginia Law Outlaw Martial Arts and Firearms Training?
vclaim-sno-virginia-mass-shooter-maga-hat	"The June 2019 Virginia Beach shooter wore a MAGA hat and had a ""Trump 2020"" bumper sticker on his car."	Did the Virginia Shooter Wear a MAGA Hat and Have a ‘Trump 2020’ Bumper Sticker?
vclaim-sno-virginia-police-child-shootout	Police in Richmond, Virginia killed a young child during a shootout with two suspects.	Did Virginia Police Kill a Three-Year-Old Child During a Shootout?
vclaim-sno-virginia-prisons-tampons	Visitors to prisons in Virginia are prohibited from wearing tampons or menstrual cups.	Are Visitors to Virginia Prisons Barred from Wearing Tampons?
vclaim-sno-virginia-vote-switch	"Voting machines in Virginia have been ""rigged"" to switch votes for Republican candidates to Democratic candidates."	Are Virginia Voting Machines Rigged to Party-Switch Votes?
vclaim-sno-virginias-governor-legalize-marijuana	Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe legalized recreational and medicinal marijuana across the state as of 1 November 2017.	Did Virginia’s Governor Legalize Marijuana?
vclaim-sno-visine-diarrhea-prank	A few drops of Visine brand eye drops taken internally will induce uncontrollable diarrhea.	Will a Few Drops of Visine Taken Internally Cause Diarrhea?
vclaim-sno-visit-the-new-facebook	Messages containing the words “Visit the New Facebook” include links that give a hacker access to your Facebook account.	‘Visit the New Facebook’ Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-vitamin-see	The ‘Codex Alimentarius’ will eliminate U.S. consumers’ rights to purchase and use vitamins, minerals, and dietary supplements.	Codex Alimentarius
vclaim-sno-viva-paws-vegas	Las Vegas casino owners and the Nevada Gaming Commission are lobbying to legalize dog fighting.	Las Vegas Casino Owners, Gaming Commission Seek to Legalize Dog Fighting
vclaim-sno-vladimir-putin-north-korea-trillions-in-minerals	Vladimir Putin said North Korea doesn't have nuclear weapons, but does possess trillions of dollars in mineral wealth.	Did Vladimir Putin Say North Korea Doesn’t Have Nuclear Weapons But Has ‘Trillions’ in Minerals?
vclaim-sno-vladimir-putin-rescued-trump-vietnam	Donald Trump was wounded and taken prisoner by the Viet Cong in 1963, only to be rescued by Vladimir Putin.	Did Vladimir Putin Rescue an Injured Donald Trump from the Viet Cong During the Vietnam War?
vclaim-sno-vladimir-putin-to-sing-at-trumps-inauguration	Due to the difficulties President-Elect Donald Trump has had in lining  up singers for his inauguration ceremony, Russian president Vladimir  Putin has volunteered to sing “for my comrade”.	Vladimir Putin to Sing at Trump’s Inauguration?
vclaim-sno-vladimir-putin-with-fiona-hill	A photograph shows Russian President Vladimir Putin with U.S. Foreign Affairs Specialist Fiona Hill.	Is This a Photo of Vladimir Putin with Fiona Hill?
vclaim-sno-vodka-butt-shots-riot	"A riot broke out after a woman accidentally defecated while administering ""vodka butt shots"" on New Year's Eve."	New Year’s Eve Vodka Butt Shots Riot
vclaim-sno-vodka-tampons	Young women are inserting vodka-soaked tampons as a furtive way of getting drunk.	Are Women Using Vodka Tampons to Get Drunk?
vclaim-sno-void-where-inhibited	The Nevada Athletic Commission has voided Floyd Mayweather’s boxing victory over Manny Pacquiao.	Nevada Athletic Commission Voids Mayweather Win Over Pacquiao
vclaim-sno-volcano-carbon-emissions	A single eruption from a volcano puts 10,000 times more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than all of human activity has throughout history.	Does a Single Volcanic Eruption Release as Much CO2 As All of Humanity Has to Date?
vclaim-sno-volkswagen-passat	The U.S. government prohibits high mileage Volkswagen Passat automobiles from being purchased by U.S. customers.	Volkswagen Passat
vclaim-sno-volleyball-blocks	"A video featuring the ""Best Volleyball Blocks Ever"" uses footage of a real volleyball game."	‘Best Volleyball Blocks Ever’
vclaim-sno-volleyball-team-paradise-fire	The Paradise Adventist Academy in California received around $13,000 in donations as well as new uniforms and clothes from an opponent in a game played shortly after their hometown was destroyed by the Camp Fire.	Did a High School Volleyball Team Receive Money and New Gear After the Paradise Fire?
vclaim-sno-vote-after-polls-closed-2020	Voting in the 2020 presidential election took place after polls closed.	Did Americans Vote After Polls Closed in the 2020 Election?
vclaim-sno-vote-for-trump-or-else	Some registered Democratic Party voters in Alaska and Florida received emails U.S. authorities say were part of a foreign disinformation campaign threatening recipients to “Vote for Trump or else!”	Did Dem Voters Receive ‘Vote for Trump or Else’ Emails Linked to Overseas Servers?
vclaim-sno-voter-fraud-in-2016-primary	Video depicts Democrats committing fraud during the 2016 primary.	Video Shows Democrats Committing Voter Fraud in 2016 Primary
vclaim-sno-voter-fraud-more-votes-voters-2020	An image graphic shows that seven U.S. states counted more votes than registered voters.	7 States Did Not Count More Votes Than Voters
vclaim-sno-votes-switched-sanders-clinton	Multiple news outlets reported that primary voters in New York claimed their votes were switched from Bernie Sanders to Hillary Clinton.	The Fix Is In: Sanders Supporters in New York See Votes Switched to Hillary
vclaim-sno-vox-infographic	A Vox infographic calculated Republican lawmaker deaths against lives potentially saved by their effects on healthcare policy.	Does a Vox Infographic Claim Killing GOP Members Could Prevent ‘Ten 9/11s’?
vclaim-sno-vp-pelosi	U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi would become vice president if President Donald Trump left office before the end of his term.	Would Nancy Pelosi Become Vice President If Trump Left Office Early?
vclaim-sno-vroom-with-a-phew	No buyers can be found for a beautiful but cheap car because of the horrible smell that permeates it.	Death Car
vclaim-sno-wage-and-means	Account describes entrepreneur Sam Walton's efforts to evade paying his employees minimum wage.	Sam Walton and Minimum Wage
vclaim-sno-waitress-cop-tip	As told in a story advertised online in January 2021, a New Jersey waitress ran to her manager after serving a cop.	Did a Waitress ‘Run to the Manager’ After Serving a Cop?
vclaim-sno-wake-up-call	Resident wrote to newspaper to complain about fly-by of jets from local Air Force base which were headed for a fallen serviceman’s memorial service.	Luke Air Force Base Fly-By
vclaim-sno-wal-mart-abduction	Woman narrowly escapes abduction attempt in the parking lot of a Cedar Falls	Wal-Mart Abduction
vclaim-sno-walgreens-closing-forever-2021	"Walgreens is ""closing forever in 2021."""	Is Walgreens ‘Closing Forever in 2021’?
vclaim-sno-walkaway-campaign-stock-photos	The #WalkAway Campaign used ads featuring stock photograph models and claimed they were Democrats leaving the party.	Did the #WalkAway Campaign Use Stock Photographs for People It Claimed Left the Democratic Party?
vclaim-sno-walking-eagle-politician	"Native Americans derisively tagged a pandering U.S. politician with the name Walking Eagle because ""he's so full of crap he can't fly."""	Walking Eagle
vclaim-sno-walking-on-water	A video shows two hikers walking on a lake of crystal clear ice.	Does This Video Show Hikers Walking on a Lake of Crystal Clear Ice?
vclaim-sno-wall-street-border-wall	"In the 17th century, New Amsterdam built a protective wall along its northern perimeter (analogous to Trump's border wall) to keep ""bad hombres"" out, but it failed to achieve its stated purpose in that the British successfully invaded the city by sea."	Was Wall Street Originally the Site of a ‘Border Wall’ Meant to Protect New Amsterdam?
vclaim-sno-wallace-american-fascism	While serving as U.S. Vice President, Henry A. Wallace wrote a piece warning Americans about the dangers of fascism.	Did FDR’s Vice-President Write an Op-Ed About ‘American Fascism’?
vclaim-sno-wally-pipp-headache	Lou Gehrig's consecutive game streak began when Yankee first baseman Wally Pipp sat out a game with a headache.	Wally Pipp’s Career-Ending ‘Headache’
vclaim-sno-walmart-anniversary-coupon-scam	Walmart is offering a free $50 anniversary coupon to social media users who fill out an online survey.	No, Walmart Is Not Offering a Free $50 ‘Anniversary’ Coupon on Facebook
vclaim-sno-walmart-attic-homeless-people	Two homeless people were found living in the attic of a Walmart in Tennessee.	Was a Homeless Couple Found Living in a Walmart Attic?
vclaim-sno-walmart-audio-blm	"A Walmart store played audio supporting the Black Lives Matter movement and acknowledging the existence of ""white privilege."""	Is Walmart Playing In-Store Audio Supporting BLM?
vclaim-sno-walmart-change-donated	In July 2020, a Walmart customer in Massachusetts had the change from her purchase donated to charity without her consent.	Did a Walmart Customer’s Change Get Donated Without Consent?
vclaim-sno-walmart-closing-every-store	"Walmart is closing ""every store"" this year."	Is Walmart Closing ‘Every Store’ This Year?
vclaim-sno-walmart-closure-conspiracy	Various military- and legal-related conspiracy theories explain why several Walmart stores suddenly closed in April 2015.	Walmart Closure Conspiracy Theories
vclaim-sno-walmart-customer-finds-dead-baby-in-discount-dvd-bin	A customer discovered a deceased and discarded baby in a Kentucky Walmart's discount DVD bin.	Did a Walmart Customer Find a Dead Baby in a Discount DVD Bin?
vclaim-sno-walmart-employees-hiding-ps5	Walmart employees were caught hiding PS5s to keep the video game consoles for themselves.	Did Walmart Employees Hide a PS5 Stash for Themselves?
vclaim-sno-walmart-fire	AOL is reducing by $2 per	Sad WalMart Story
vclaim-sno-walmart-free-thanksgiving-dinner	Walmart partnered with other companies to provide free Thanksgiving dinners in 2020.	Is Walmart Providing ‘Free Thanksgiving Dinner for All’?
vclaim-sno-walmart-gelatin-water-video	A video shows Walmart-brand water turning to a dangerous gelatin substance.	Does This Video Show Walmart Water Turning Into a Dangerous Gelatin Substance?
vclaim-sno-walmart-gift-card-2018	"People can get a free Walmart gift card by texting the word ""WALMART"" to 83361."	Text to Receive a Free Walmart Gift Card?
vclaim-sno-walmart-gift-card	Walmart stores are distributing free coupons via Facebook as part of Thanksgiving or Black Friday promotions.	Walmart Thanksgiving/Black Friday Coupon Scams
vclaim-sno-walmart-immigration-raids	WalMart has authorized U.S. law enforcement to enter its stores and arrest any illegal immigrants found within.	Walmart Immigration Raids
vclaim-sno-walmart-jajket	"Walmart has been adding a ""phantom charge"" of $10 to shoppers' bills for 10 years."	If You See This on a Walmart Receipt, Should You Call the Police?
vclaim-sno-walmart-jelly-sandals-contain-lead	Jelly sandals sold by Walmart contain unsafe amounts of lead.	Do Walmart Jelly Sandals Contain Lead?
vclaim-sno-walmart-journalist-t-shirts	"Walmart temporarily sold a shirt bearing the words ""Rope. Tree. Journalist. Some Assembly Required."""	Did Walmart Sell Shirts That Allude to Hanging Journalists?
vclaim-sno-walmart-looting-video	A video shows customers looting a Walmart after they realized the store didn't have enough security guards.	Does This Video Show a Walmart Without Enough Security Guards Being Looted?
vclaim-sno-walmart-profits-to-trump-2020	Walmart donated 50% of its profits to U.S. President Donald Trump's 2020 re-election campaign.	Did Walmart Give 50% of Its Profits to Trump 2020 Campaign?
vclaim-sno-walmart-satanic	Walmart is selling 'satanic' items.	Is Walmart Selling ‘Satanic’ Items?
vclaim-sno-walmart-seizure-robbery	A video shows bystanders at Walmart doing nothing to intervene when a man experiencing a seizure is robbed of his wallet.	Bystanders Do Nothing While Man Undergoing Seizure Gets His Pocket Picked at Walmart?
vclaim-sno-walmart-sign-over-gun-display	"Walmart placed a sign urging kids to ""own the school year like a hero"" right over a gun display."	Did Walmart Place a Sign Over a Gun Display Urging Students to ‘Own the School Year Like a Hero’?
vclaim-sno-walmart-staggered-shopping	"A meme details a ""staggered shopping schedule"" implemented by Walmart during the COVID-19 pandemic."	Did Walmart Introduce a Staggered Shopping Schedule?
vclaim-sno-walmart-swastika-masks	On July 25, 2020, a couple wore swastika face masks while shopping at a Walmart store in Minnesota.	Did a Couple Wear Swastika Masks to Walmart?
vclaim-sno-walmart-text-coupon	Walmart is offering a coupon for $1,000 in free merchandise to people via text message.	Is Walmart Offering Via Text Message a $1,000 Coupon for Free Merch?
vclaim-sno-walnut-and-spiders	Walnuts, horse chestnuts, and the fruit from the Osage orange tree repel spiders.	Natural Repellent for Spiders?
vclaim-sno-walrus-sleeps-atop-submarine	A photograph shows a man standing behind a sleeping walrus atop a submarine.	Was a Walrus Really Found Sleeping atop a Submarine?
vclaim-sno-walt-disney-born	Walt Disney was born in Robinson, Illinois, and named after a helpful townsperson who assisted his parents.	Was Walt Disney Born in Robinson, Illinois?
vclaim-sno-walt-disney-face-haunted-mansion	The image projected onto one of the singing busts in the Haunted Mansion's graveyard is Walt Disney himself.	Was That Walt Disney’s Face Inside the Haunted Mansion?
vclaim-sno-walt-disneys-final-instructions	Walt Disney prepared a film to be viewed by Disney executives after his death, in which he gave them all instructions about how to run their areas of the company.	Walt Disney’s Final Instructions
vclaim-sno-walt-disneys-illegitimate-birth	Walt Disney was an illegitimate child, born out of wedlock to a woman from a town near Almeria in southern Spain and adopted by Flora and Elias Disney.	Walt Disney’s Illegitimate Birth?
vclaim-sno-walter-reed-bible-ban	Walter Reed Medical Center guidelines prohibit the use or distribution of religious items during visits with patients.	Walter Reed Bible Ban
vclaim-sno-walter-wetzel-redskins-logo	"Walter ""Blackie"" Wetzel, a former leader of the Blackfeet Nation, designed the Indian head logo for the Washington D.C. ""Redskins"" NFL team."	Did Walter ‘Blackie’ Wetzel Design Washington, DC Football Team’s Logo?
vclaim-sno-war-games-2	Chart shows an “interesting look at world leaders” during World	War Games
vclaim-sno-war-games	"Nazi Luftwaffe commander Hermann Goering  proclaimed that although ""the people don't want war,""  they ""can always be brought to the bidding of their leaders."""	Did a Nazi Leader Say Convincing People to Support War is ‘Simple’?
vclaim-sno-war-of-the-worlds	"Orson Welles' 30 October 1938 radio adaptation of ""The War of the Worlds"" caused mass hysteria, convincing thousands of panicked listeners across North America that Earth was being attacked by Mars."	Did the 1938 Radio Broadcast of ‘War of the Worlds’ Cause a Nationwide Panic?
vclaim-sno-war-on-christmas-monument	The Trump administration has unveiled plans to construct a monument hailing the end of the War on Christmas.	Is President Trump Planning a Monument to the War on Christmas?
vclaim-sno-war-stories	Mitt Romney said he was “too important to go to Vietnam.”	Mitt Romney: I Was Too Important to Go to Vietnam
vclaim-sno-wares-the-beef	McDonald's is importing foreign beef for use in its restaurants in the United States and Canada.	McDonald’s Beef Imports
vclaim-sno-warm-welcome	"A 1922 newspaper article reported that ""radical change in climatic conditions"" was melting Arctic ice and disrupting wildlife."	Did a 1922 Article Warn of Oceans Warming?
vclaim-sno-warming-trend	A letter to the editor suggested that 2007's early start to Daylight Saving Time contributed to global warming.	Does Daylight Saving Time Exacerbate Global Warming?
vclaim-sno-warning-kay-jewelers-free-ring-gift	A woman was nearly kidnapped by human traffickers using a ring placed on her windshield as bait.	Warning: Kay Jewelers Free Ring Gift
vclaim-sno-warning-shot	Lockheed Martin is going to lay off 123,000 workers due to military downsizing but is not sending out layoff notices at the behest of the Obama administration.	Lockheed Martin Layoffs
vclaim-sno-warnock-arrested-capitol-praying	Rev. Raphael Warnock was arrested while praying during a demonstration at the U.S. Capitol in 2017.	Was Raphael Warnock Arrested at the Capitol in 2017?
vclaim-sno-warrants-issued-threats-trump	Federal arrest warrants were issued for U.S. entertainers Kathy Griffin, Robert De Niro, and Barbara Streisand for making threats against President Donald  Trump.	Were Warrants Issued For Kathy Griffin, De Niro, and Streisand for Threatening Trump?
vclaim-sno-warren-disarm-them-ourselves	"Elizabeth Warren said that if ""the Republicans"" refused to surrender their weapons, ""we"" would ""disarm them ourselves."""	Did Elizabeth Warren Say ‘We Shall Disarm Republicans Ourselves’?
vclaim-sno-warrick-dunn-build-homes	Warrick Dunn started a charitable program to house single-parent families in honor of his mother, a police officer who was killed when he was a teenager.	Has Warrick Dunn Built More Than 145 Homes for Single Parents?
vclaim-sno-warriors-white-house-visit	The Golden State Warriors basketball team announced on 13 June 2017 that they had unanimously voted to skip a visit to the White House after winning the NBA Championship.	The Golden State Warriors Voted Not to Visit the White House?
vclaim-sno-warship-hms-romney	A ship named HMS Romney was once used to help enforce import duties on the British North American colonies.	Was a 50-Gun Warship Named HMS Romney?
vclaim-sno-wartnaby-hope-farms-refugees	Muslim Refugees threatened to slaughter their hosts at Hope Farms in South Africa.	Hope Farm Owners Threatened by Refugees
vclaim-sno-was-a-black-nhl-player-fired-for-raising-his-fist-during-the-national-anthem	The Tampa Bay Lightning fired J.T. Brown for raising his fist in protest during the national anthem.	Was a Black Hockey Player Fired For Raising His Fist During the National Anthem?
vclaim-sno-was-a-chinese-restaurant-in-florida-shuttered-for-serving-dog-meat	A Chinese restaurant in Coral Springs, Florida was busted serving dog meat.	Was a Chinese Restaurant in Florida Shuttered for Serving Dog Meat?
vclaim-sno-was-a-minnesota-man-jailed-for-having-a-windmill-on-his-property	A Minnesota man was jailed simply for possessing a windmill on his property.	Was a Minnesota Man Jailed for Having a Windmill on His Property?
vclaim-sno-was-a-woman-killed-frozen-urine	A photograph shows a woman who was killed by a frozen shaft of urine that fell from a plane.	Was a Woman Killed by a Frozen Shaft of Urine?
vclaim-sno-was-al-sharptons-brother-arrested-for-murder	Al Sharpton's brother has been arrested for murder after participating in a March for Our Lives rally in Alabama.	Was Al Sharpton’s Brother Arrested for Murder After Speaking at a March for Our Lives Rally?
vclaim-sno-was-all-female-responsible-bridge-collapse	Munilla Construction Management, the construction firm that built the bridge at Florida International University that collapsed in March 2018, is an all-female company.	Was an All-Female Construction Company Responsible for the FIU-Sweetwater Bridge Collapse?
vclaim-sno-was-anibe-alexandra-odoma-kidnapped-in-houston	Five-year-old Anibe Alexandra Odoma was taken from her family's home in Houston.	Was Anibe Alexandra Odoma Kidnapped In Houston?
vclaim-sno-was-back-to-future-iv-confirmed	Michael J. Fox announced in June 2018 that he was making 'Back to the Future IV.'	Was ‘Back to the Future IV’ Confirmed by Michael J. Fox?
vclaim-sno-was-biden-refused-service-in-2012	Vice President Joe Biden was refused service at the Crumb and Get It cookie shop in 2012.	Was Joe Biden Refused Service at ‘Crumb and Get It’ in 2012?
vclaim-sno-was-cartoonist-fired-for-trump-drawing	Rob Rogers was fired by his newspaper after creating a cartoon which featured President Donald Trump snatching a child immigrant.	Was a Cartoonist Fired for an Anti-Trump Drawing?
vclaim-sno-was-child-expelled-trump-costume	"A child was expelled from elementary school for wearing a Donald Trump costume on ""Superhero Day."""	Was a Child Expelled From School for Wearing a Donald Trump Costume?
vclaim-sno-was-childs-skull-found-alleged-sex-trafficking-bunker	A child's skull was found near a sex trafficking site.	Was a Child’s Skull Found at an Alleged Sex-Trafficking Bunker Area in Tucson?
vclaim-sno-was-dead-kennedys-jello-biafra-sued	Dead Kennedys frontman Jello Biafra was sued by his bandmates because he didn’t want one of their songs used in a Levi’s commercial.	Was Dead Kennedys’ Jello Biafra Sued By His Bandmates Over a Levi’s Commercial?
vclaim-sno-was-donald-trump-accused-of-sexual-assault-prior-to-the-2016-election	Donald Trump was not accused of sexual assault until he ran for President in 2016.	Did Sexual Assault Allegations Against Donald Trump Only Start With the 2016 Election?
vclaim-sno-was-ed-edd-n-eddy-reboot-announced	"Cartoon Network announced in May 2018 that they were rebooting the comedy series ""Ed, Edd n Eddy."""	Was an ‘Ed, Edd n Eddy’ Reboot Announced by Cartoon Network?
vclaim-sno-was-emma-gonzalez-attacking-truck	"Emma González was photographed attacking a truck belonging to a ""Second Amendment supporter"" during a March for Our Lives event in March 2018."	Was Emma González Photographed Swinging an Umbrella at a Truck?
vclaim-sno-was-florida-school-shooter-democrat	The gunman suspected of killing at least seventeen people at a school in Florida in February 2018 was a registered Democrat.	Was the Florida School Shooter a Registered Democrat?
vclaim-sno-was-freddy-krueger-real	"""Nightmare on Elm Street"" character Freddy Krueger was based on a real life serial murderer."	Was Freddy Krueger from ‘Nightmare on Elm Street’ Based on a Real Serial Murderer?
vclaim-sno-was-grand-juror-clinton-probe-dead	A Baltimore woman who leaked the imminent indictment of Roger Clinton, Jr. was found murdered.	Was a Grand Juror in a Clinton Probe Found Dead?
vclaim-sno-was-hearse-towed-during-funeral	A photograph shows a hearse being towed away in the middle of a funeral procession.	Was a Hearse Towed Away During the Middle of a Funeral?
vclaim-sno-was-hillary-clinton-offered-a-plea-deal-in-server-investigation-in-august-2017	The Justice Department offered Hillary Clinton a plea deal in mid-2017 after reopening an investigation into her handling of classified material on a private server.	Was Hillary Clinton Offered a Plea Deal in August 2017?
vclaim-sno-was-law-separate-families-passed-1997	"A ""law to separate families"" was enacted prior to April 2018, and the federal government is powerless not to enforce it."	Was the ‘Law to Separate Families’ Passed in 1997 or ‘by Democrats’?
vclaim-sno-was-malia-obama-arrested-elderly-woman	Members of antifa groups attacked an elderly woman and Malia Obama was arrested in connection with the incident.	Was Malia Obama Arrested in an ‘Antifa Attack’ on an Elderly Woman?
vclaim-sno-was-marine-u-s-marine-flags-home	Marine Corps Capt. Jim Lowe was told he can't fly both an American flag and Marine Corps colors outside his home.	Was a Marine Told He Can’t Fly U.S. and Marine Corps Flags at the Same Time?
vclaim-sno-was-mccabe-escorted-fbi-building	A photograph shows former deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe being escorted out of the building by security after he left his position in January 2018.	Does This Photograph Show Security Escorting Andrew McCabe Out of the FBI Building?
vclaim-sno-was-megyn-kelly-fired-from-nbc	Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly was fired from NBC before even starting on air there.	Was Megyn Kelly Fired from NBC?
vclaim-sno-was-michael-moore-accused-of-sexual-harassment	Director Michael Moore was accused of sexual harassment by a 16-year-old film extra.	Was Michael Moore Accused of Sexual Harassment?
vclaim-sno-was-musician-kodak-black-shot-in-florida	Musician Kodak Black was shot outside of a nightclub in Florida in December 2016.	Was Musician Kodak Black Shot in Florida?
vclaim-sno-was-niger-attack-worse-than-benghazi	The killing of four U.S. soldiers in an October 2017 ambush by Islamic militants in Niger was far worse a debacle than the 2012 attack on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi.	Was an Attack on United States Soldiers in Niger a Debacle ‘Worse than Benghazi’?
vclaim-sno-was-obama-worst-president-new-poll	"Former U.S. president Barack Obama was ranked the worst president since World War II in ""a recent poll."""	Was Obama Ranked ‘Worst President Since World War II’ in a New Poll?
vclaim-sno-was-palestine-permission-compete-eurovision-2019	Palestine will compete in Eurovision 2019.	Was Palestine Granted Permission to Compete in Eurovision 2019?
vclaim-sno-was-parler-hacked	The right-wing social media app Parler was hacked in November 2020.	Was Parler Hacked in November 2020?
vclaim-sno-was-pope-guilty-trafficking-murder	Pope Francis was part of a group condemned in an international court of killing and trafficking children.	Was Pope Francis ‘Found Guilty’ of Child Trafficking and Murder?
vclaim-sno-was-president-trump-feared-dead-after-a-fire-at-trump-tower	"President Donald Trump was ""feared dead"" after a small fire broke out at his New York City building."	Was President Trump ‘Feared Dead’ After a Fire at Trump Tower?
vclaim-sno-was-rapper-xxxtentacion-found-alive	Musician XXXTentacion staged his death and was found alive on 15 April 2019.	Was Rapper XXXTentacion Found Alive?
vclaim-sno-was-robert-deniro-child-trafficking-ring	"Robert De Niro linked to a ""prostitution ring that used children."""	Was Robert De Niro Involved in a Child Sex Trafficking Ring?
vclaim-sno-was-scuba-diver-hospitalized-clam	A scuba diver was hospitalized due to an allergic reaction after his penis got stuck in a giant clam.	Was a Scuba Diver Hospitalized After Getting His Penis Stuck in a Giant Clam?
vclaim-sno-was-security-guard-mandalay-bay-an-accomplice	"Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos was an ""accomplice"" to Las Vegas Strip mass shooter Stephen Paddock."	Was the Security Guard at Mandalay Bay an ‘Accomplice’ to the Las Vegas Mass Shooter?
vclaim-sno-was-sen-john-mccain-a-hanoi-hilton-songbird	"Sen. John McCain was referred to as ""Songbird John"" following his imprisonment during the Vietnam War."	Was Sen. John McCain a ‘Hanoi Hilton Songbird’?
vclaim-sno-was-snopes-busted-ties-to-soros	Snopes.com is an extremely liberal site with an agenda to discredit conservatives, paid for either by George Soros or the Clintons, or maybe Facebook.	Was Snopes.com ‘BUSTED’ for Our CEO’s Ties to George Soros?
vclaim-sno-was-soldier-killed-deserter-satire	"U.S. Army Sgt. La David Johnson was a ""defector."""	Was the ‘Black Soldier’ Killed in Niger a Deserter?
vclaim-sno-was-statue-unknown-soldier-vandals	A photograph shows a statue guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier that was knocked over by vandals.	Was a Statue Guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Knocked Over by Vandals?
vclaim-sno-was-stephen-hawking-accused-misconduct	Famed theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking was accused of sexual misconduct by a former student.	Was Stephen Hawking Accused of Sexual Misconduct?
vclaim-sno-was-texting-driver-found-clutching-phone	Paramedics found the upper half of a woman's body clutching her phone in the aftermath of a car accident caused by texting while driving.	Was a Texting Driver Found Still Clutching a Phone After a Fatal Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-was-the-austin-bombing-suspect-part-of-a-christian-homeschooling-group	"The suspect in the fatal Austin bombings of March 2018 was part of a group calling itself ""Righteous Invasion of Truth."""	Was the Austin Bombing Suspect Part of a Christian Homeschooling Group?
vclaim-sno-was-the-white-house-built-by-slaves	The White House was built using slave labor.	Was the White House Built by Slaves?
vclaim-sno-was-this-9-pound-goldfish-found-in-a-south-carolina-lake	A 9-pound “goldfish” was caught in a South Carolina lake during a routine electrofishing survey.	Was This 9-pound Goldfish Found in a South Carolina Lake?
vclaim-sno-was-trump-best-worst-president-time	"President Donald Trump was labeled as either the best or the worst president ever on the cover of ""Time"" magazine."	Was Trump Labeled ‘Best President’ or ‘Worst President’ on a ‘Time’ Cover?
vclaim-sno-was-twelve-lb-rat-london	A photograph shows a twelve-pound rat that was caught in London.	Was a Massive Rat Caught in London?
vclaim-sno-was-waylon-jennings-banned-from-country-radio	Country singer Waylon Jennings was banned from country radio due to some fat-shaming lyrics in his songs.	Was Waylon Jennings Banned from Country Radio?
vclaim-sno-was-yee-arrested-for-gun-trafficking	Former California state senator Leland Yee, a gun control advocate, was arrested for gun trafficking.	Was Ex-California State Senator and Gun Control Advocate Leland Yee Arrested for Gun Trafficking?
vclaim-sno-washing-aborted-fetuses	A photograph captures a man washing aborted fetuses in Brazil.	Does This Photograph Show a Man Washing Aborted Fetuses in Brazil?
vclaim-sno-washington-dc-blackout	"Internet and cell service for people protesting police brutality in Washington, D.C., turned off for a temporary ""blackout"" on June 1."	Did the Internet Go Dark in D.C. During White House Protests?
vclaim-sno-washington-dc-girls-missing	Fourteen teenaged girls went missing in Washington, D.C., within 24 hours.	Did 14 Washington, D.C., Girls Go Missing Within a 24-Hour Period?
vclaim-sno-washington-post-harris-quote	The Washington Post updated an article to remove a quote from Kamala Harris that presented her in an unflattering light.	Did The Washington Post Remove a Quote That Painted Kamala Harris in a Bad Light?
vclaim-sno-washington-school-district-bans-pork	Schools in Kent, Washington, have removed pork from school menus because Muslim families were offended.	Did a Washington School District Ban Pork Due to a Muslim Outcry?
vclaim-sno-washington-state-to-teach-transgenderism-to-kindergartners	"Washington state has updated their curriculum standards to include teaching ""transgenderism"" to Kindergarteners."	Washington State to Teach Transgenderism to Kindergartners
vclaim-sno-washingtons-thanksgiving-proclamation	The first Thanksgiving proclamation in the United States was issued by George Washington.	Washington’s Thanksgiving Proclamation?
vclaim-sno-waste-management-body-pickup	"A waste company will be offering curbside dead body pickup service to offset “TrumpCare."""	Waste Management to Offer Dead Body Pickup Service in Response to Proposed Health Care Changes?
vclaim-sno-watch-night	Watch Night church services began in 1862 with blacks in the U.S. awaiting the enactment of the Emancipation Proclamation of New Year's Day, 1863.	The Origins of ‘Watch Night’
vclaim-sno-watching-apollo-8-rocket-launch	A photograph shows a couple watching the Apollo 8 spacecraft launch in 1968.	Is This Couple Viewing the Apollo 8 Spacecraft Launch?
vclaim-sno-watching-horror-movies-obesity	Watching horror movies increases calorie consumption and reduces the risk of obesity.	Does Watching Horror Movies Reduce Risk of Obesity?
vclaim-sno-water-bending-squirrel	A photograph shows a 'water bending' squirrel.	Is the ‘Water Bending’ Squirrel Real?
vclaim-sno-water-bottle-hood-kidnapping	Finding a water bottle on the hood of your car indicates you are in danger of abduction.	Does a Water Bottle on Your Car Hood Mean You Are in Danger?
vclaim-sno-water-diseases-texas-harvey	Floodwaters in parts of Southeast Texas tested positive for diseases and contaminants including typhoid fever and MRSA in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey.	Did Floodwaters in Southeast Texas Test Positive for Several Diseases After Harvey?
vclaim-sno-water-filtration-oysters	One oyster can filter more than 50 gallons of water in 24 hours.	Does This Photograph Show the Water Filtration Power of Oysters?
vclaim-sno-water-fluoridation-reduces-iq	Scientific studies demonstrate that the process of adding fluoride to public water reduces the IQ of the individuals in those areas.	Water Fluoridation Reduces IQ?
vclaim-sno-water-gun-plight	The Boy Scouts of America have banned water gun fights.	The Boy Scouts Have Banned Water Gun Fights
vclaim-sno-water-sculpture-japan	A video shows a stunning water sculpture in Japan.	Does This Video Show a Kinetic Water Sculpture in Japan?
vclaim-sno-water-weal	The state of California is fining ‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ participants for wasting water.	California Fining ‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ Participants for Wasting Water
vclaim-sno-water-works-2	The average person needs to drink eight glasses of water per day to avoid being “chronically dehydrated.”	Eight Glasses of Water Per Day?
vclaim-sno-waterworld-waterpark-bans-bikinis-because-muslims-are-offended	"British waterpark Waterworld has demanded parkgoers dress in an ""Islamically appropriate"" fashion because Muslim visitors were offended by bikinis."	Did a British Waterpark Ban Bikinis Because Muslims Were Offended?
vclaim-sno-watt-a-lightbulb	A lightbulb manufactured in 1901 has been burning continuously ever since.	Livermore Long-Burning Lightbulb
vclaim-sno-waverly-labs-pilot-earpiece-translates-spoken-language	Waverly Labs' 'Pilot' earpiece can translate spoken language in real time.	Waverly Labs’ ‘Pilot’ Earpiece Translates Spoken Language
vclaim-sno-wax-on-apples-causes-cancer	Waxed apples cause cancer.	Wax on Apples Causes Cancer?
vclaim-sno-wayfair-trafficking-children	The furniture store Wayfair is trafficking children via overpriced items.	Is Wayfair Trafficking Children Via Overpriced Items?
vclaim-sno-wayne-knight-death-hoax	Wayne Knight from	Wayne Knight of ‘Seinfeld’ Fame Dead?
vclaim-sno-wayne-lapierre-no-guns-in-schools	"In 1999, Wayne LaPierre of the NRA said there should be no guns in American schools ""period."""	Did Wayne LaPierre Say There Should Be ‘No Guns in Schools, Period’?
vclaim-sno-waynes-whirled	A letter from a child prompted John Wayne to accept Jesus as his personal saviour in the final weeks of his life.	John Wayne Conversion
vclaim-sno-wd-40	The lubricating spray WD-40 is so named because it was the product of the 40th attempt at creating a water displacing substance.'	What Does ‘WD-40’ Stand For?
vclaim-sno-wd40-ad	WD-40 released a print advertisement in 1964 that was full of sexual innuendo.	Is a 1964 WD-40 Ad Full of Sexual Innuendo?
vclaim-sno-we-did-it-anyway	Message lists legislation passed by the state of Oklahoma.	Oklahoma Did It Anyway
vclaim-sno-we-dont-serve-gas-here	A Mobil station in Holly, Michigan, refused service to an Army reservist in uniform.	Holly, Michigan Gas Station Refuses Service to Soldier?
vclaim-sno-we-love-you-mdash-call-collect	Historically, more collect phone calls are made on Father's Day than on any other day of the year.	Are More Collect Phone Calls Made on Father’s Day Than Any Other Day?
vclaim-sno-we-noticed	Buddy Hackett’s widow, Sherry Hackett, penned a piece critical of President Obama entitled “We Noticed.”	Sherry Hackett – We Noticed
vclaim-sno-we-stand-by-you	U.S. naval officer's letter describes a  'manning the rails' ceremony performed by a German destroyer.	‘We Stand by You’
vclaim-sno-weapon-advertised-ability-fit-backpack	An arms dealer advertised a weapon for its ability to fit into a small backpack.	Was a Weapon Advertised For Its Ability to Fit in a Backpack?
vclaim-sno-weaponized-ticks	The U.S. House of Representatives voted to compel the Department of Defense to disclose if it ever used ticks as part of a biological weapons program.	Did Lawmakers Demand the Pentagon Disclose If It Developed Weaponized Ticks?
vclaim-sno-wearing-kobe-jersey-battle	A photograph shows a man fighting against the Islamic State with a rocket launcher while wearing a Kobe Bryant jersey.	Does a Photo Show a Man Fighting IS in a Kobe Jersey?
vclaim-sno-wearing-socks-bed	Wearing socks to bed can help cool down the human body faster and potentially aid sleep.	Does Wearing Socks to Bed Cool Down the Body for Sleep?
vclaim-sno-wearing-two-masks-covid	"In an interview with ""Today,"" Dr. Anthony Fauci said that two masks are better than one when it comes to slowing the spread of COVID-19."	Did Fauci Say Wearing Two Masks Is Better Than One?
vclaim-sno-weather-channel-celsius	The Weather Channel announced that it will only use the Celsius temperature scale.	Weather Channel Switching to Celsius-Only
vclaim-sno-weather-channel-hurricane-winds	A video clip shows a Weather Channel reporter struggling against hurricane winds that seemingly did not affect other persons nearby.	Weather Channel Reporter Braces in Storm That Leaves Others Unaffected
vclaim-sno-weather-maps-2050-and-2019	An image comparison shows a fictional weather map from 2050 and a real weather map from June 2019.	Does a Graphic Compare Weather Maps From 2050 and 2019?
vclaim-sno-weather-or-not	Weather Channel co-founder John Coleman provided evidence that convincingly refutes the concept of anthropogenic global warming.	Did a Weather Channel Co-Founder Disprove Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-weather-report-sweden-iraq	A video accurately compares weather reports from Sweden and Iraq.	Is This What Weather Reports in Sweden Look Like?
vclaim-sno-weather-reporter-holly-ellenbogen-hit-by-a-stop-sign-during-storm	An animated GIF shows a wind-blown stop sign hitting a weather reporter.	Weather Reporter Hit by a Stop Sign During Storm?
vclaim-sno-wedding-banned	The state of Oklahoma has banned civil marriage.	Oklahoma Bans Civil Marriage?
vclaim-sno-wedding-rings-holocaust-victims	A photograph documents a cache of wedding rings removed from Holocaust victims.	Does This Photo Show Wedding Rings Taken from Holocaust Victims?
vclaim-sno-weed-dealers-pokemon-go	Marijuana dealers are using the popular game app Pokémon GO to hook children on drugs.	‘Weed Dealers’ Using Pokémon GO to Hook Children on Drugs
vclaim-sno-weed-michigan-rape-kidnap-missouri	Michael Alonzo Thompson was imprisoned for decades for selling marijuana, while Joseph Robert Meili got five years' probation for kidnapping and raping an 11-year-old girl.	Decades in Prison for Selling Weed, 5 Years’ Probation for Raping a Child?
vclaim-sno-weed-ok	THC will be removed from drug-test screenings “starting on August 30th.”	Will THC Be Removed From Drug-Test Screenings Starting on Aug. 30?
vclaim-sno-weeknd-plastic-surgery	The Weeknd altered his face with plastic surgery.	Did The Weeknd Get Plastic Surgery?
vclaim-sno-wegmans-facebook-coupon-scam	Wegmans is offering an $80 coupon to Facebook users who complete a short series of steps.	Wegmans $80 Coupon Scam
vclaim-sno-weight-of-the-soul	A physician once placed dying patients upon a scale and determined the weight of the human soul to be 21 grams.	Was the Weight of a Human Soul Determined to Be 21 Grams?
vclaim-sno-weighty-matters-2	Michelle Obama has demanded that all children in daycare be weighed as a part of her ongoing interest in childhood nutrition.	Michelle Obama Demanding Kids in Daycare Get Weighed
vclaim-sno-weinstein-fbi-names	"Film producer Harvey Weinstein cut a deal with the FBI to turn over ""names of elite pedophiles in Hollywood and Washington, D.C."""	Harvey Weinstein Gives Names of Hollywood and Washington, D.C. Pedophiles to FBI?
vclaim-sno-weis-markets-ban-american-flag	In June 2020, Weis Markets banned its employees from wearing any representation of the American flag because it was considered controversial amidst the political climate. They also banned the flag from being displayed on merchandise.	Were Weis Markets Employees Banned From Displaying the American Flag?
vclaim-sno-welchs-fruit-snacks-piece	"A Welch's Fruit Snack piece was discovered to contain a ""dehydrated tapeworm."""	Was a Tapeworm Found in Welch’s Fruit Snacks?
vclaim-sno-welcome-australia-sign-fake	"A photograph shows a ""Wecome to Australia"" sign informing immigrants that they have to work to earn money."	‘Welcome to Australia’
vclaim-sno-welcome-mingo-county	"A photograph shows a 'Welcome Sign' outside of Mingo Country warning visitors that its citizens were armed and would ""kill you back."""	‘Welcome to Mingo County’
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-amsterdam	A sign welcoming visitors to Amsterdam instructs obese people to keep their clothes on.	Welcome to Amsterdam
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-austria	Austria is home to a town called ‘Fucking.’	Welcome to Austria Sign
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-baltimore	Photograph shows a billboard condemning the lack of municipal support for police, put up in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray.	Welcome to Baltimore
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-calexico	Photograph shows a Mexican national flag flown above an upside-down U.S. flag during a high school student protest over immigration reform.	Mexican Flag at Montebello High School
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-idaho	A “Welcome to Idaho” sign warns potential criminals about gun-owning citizens.	Welcome to Idaho
vclaim-sno-welcome-to-marlboro-kkkountry	Marlboro is owned by the KKK.	Marlboro and the KKK
vclaim-sno-welfare-state	The accused Boston Marathon bombers collected welfare benefits while on U.S. government watch lists.	Boston Marathon Bombers on Welfare and Watch Lists
vclaim-sno-well-heeled	Image contrasts photographs of Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.	Mitt Romney Shoeshine Photo
vclaim-sno-wells-fargo-ceo-coronavirus	"In regards to reopening the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic, the former CEO of Wells Fargo stated, ""We’ll gradually bring those people back and see what happens. Some of them will get sick, some may even die, I don’t know."""	Did Former Wells Fargo CEO Say ‘Some May Even Die’?
vclaim-sno-wendell-callahan-meme	"President Obama pardoned a ""violent crackhead"" named Wendell Callahan, who went on to murder a woman and her two small children."	Wendell Callahan Pardoned by Obama, Kills Three Victims?
vclaim-sno-wendys-coupon	An Internet-circulated coupon can be redeemed for a free hamburger and soft drink at Wendy’s restaurants.	Wendy’s Coupon
vclaim-sno-wendys-donate-trumps-reelection	The CEO of Wendy's donated about $400,000 to President Trump's re-election campaign.	Did Wendy’s CEO Donate to Trump’s Re-Election Campaign?
vclaim-sno-wendys-frosty-key-tag	You can get free Wendy's Frostys all year long if you purchase a $1 Frosty Key Tag.	Wendy’s $1 ‘Free Frosty’ Key Tag?
vclaim-sno-wendys-heartbreaking-announcement	"Wendy's issued a ""heartbreaking announcement"" about its restaurants in mid-2020."	Did Wendy’s ‘Just Make the Most Heartbreaking Announcement Ever’?
vclaim-sno-wendys-kiosks-minimum-wage	Wendy's restaurants replaced workers with machines at thousands of locations because of a hike in the minimum wage.	Did Wendy’s Replace Workers With Machines?
vclaim-sno-were-50-dead-bodies-found-on-a-beach-in-cancun	50 dead bodies were found off the coast of Cancún in Mexico.	Were 50 Dead Bodies Found on a Beach in Cancun?
vclaim-sno-were-6-cops-killed-protests	Six police officers were killed in 10 days while working during protests against police violence and racial injustice in the spring of 2020.	Were 6 Cops Killed in 10 Days at Protests in June 2020?
vclaim-sno-were-ar-15s-used-mass-shooting-aurora	AR-15 rifles were used to commit every major mass shooting in the United States since a 2012 attack in an Aurora, Colorado movie theater.	Were AR-15s Used in Every Major Mass Shooting in the United States After Aurora?
vclaim-sno-were-daca-recipients-burning-flag	A photograph shows a group of DACA recipients dressed in Mexican flags burning an American flag.	Were DACA Recipients Photographed Burning an American Flag?
vclaim-sno-were-hate-charges-blm-kidnappers-dropped	Hate crime charges against four black people accused of beating a white teen were dropped.	Were Hate Crime Charges Against ‘BLM Kidnappers’ Dropped?
vclaim-sno-were-merkel-may-grybauskaite-high-school-friends	A photograph shows world leaders Angela Merkel, Theresa May, and Dalia Grybauskaitė together at a party as teenagers.	Were These Three World Leaders Friends in High School?
vclaim-sno-were-not-ghana-take-it	The Ebola virus doesn’t exist, victims of the disease previously got “shots” from the Red Cross, and the Ebola crisis was invented to rob Africa of her natural resources.	Ebola Is Fake, Ghana Fights Back
vclaim-sno-were-police-told-stand-down-charlottesville	"Police in Charlottesville were issued a ""stand down"" order and told to let violence happen."	Were Police Told to ‘Stand Down’ Amid Violence in Charlottesville?
vclaim-sno-were-real-skeletons-used-in-the-making-of-poltergeist	"Real skeletons were used for a sequence in the horror movie ""Poltergeist."""	Were Real Skeletons Used in the Making of ‘Poltergeist’?
vclaim-sno-were-stories-florida-shooting-before	"News stories about a mass shooting at a Florida high school were timestamped days earlier than 14 February 2018, which prove that the mass shooting was actually a ""false flag"" hoax."	Were News Stories About the Florida Mass Shooting Posted Days Before It Happened?
vclaim-sno-were-students-arrested-during-gun-protest	High school students in Stockton, California were arrested during a gun safety demonstration.	Were Students in Stockton, California Arrested During a March 2018 Gun Safety Protest?
vclaim-sno-werner-herzog-germany-quote	"Werner Herzog said: ""Dear America: You are waking up as Germany once did, to the awareness that 1/3 of your people would kill another 1/3, while 1/3 watches."""	Did Werner Herzog Tweet America Is ‘Waking Up, As Germany Once Did’?
vclaim-sno-west-point-trump-message	A photograph shows a graduating West Point cadet displaying a crude anti-Trump message on his shirt.	Did a West Point Grad Sport Anti-Trump Shirt?
vclaim-sno-westboro-hero	Photograph shows a Westboro Baptist Church sign reading ‘Ted Cruz Is Our Hero.'”	Ted Cruz: Westboro Hero?
vclaim-sno-westfield-mall-abduction	An attempted abduction took place at the Westfield Mall in Toledo.	Westfield Mall Abduction
vclaim-sno-weve-figured-him-out	Ben Stein penned an editorial about ‘figuring out’ Barack Obama.	Ben Stein – We’ve Figured Him Out
vclaim-sno-wgasa	The name of the San Diego Wild Animal Park’s monorail was taken from a crude acronym.	Wgasa
vclaim-sno-whale-hugs-seal	A photograph shows seal hugging a beluga whale.	Does This Photograph Show a Seal Hugging a Beluga Whale?
vclaim-sno-whale-mackinac-great-lakes	A photograph shows a fresh water sturgeon whale under the Mackinac Bridge in Lake Huron.	Was a Whale Spotted Under the Mackinac Bridge?
vclaim-sno-whale-of-a-tale	The remains of a whale were mysteriously found lying in a field in Utah.	Were the Mysterious Remains of a Whale Found in a Field in Utah?
vclaim-sno-whale-storm	A school of killer whales attacked and ate 16 crew members of a Japanese whaling boat.	Japanese Whaling Crew Eaten Alive by Killer Whales, 16 Dead
vclaim-sno-whale-surfer-photo	A photograph shows a man surfing with a whale.	Is This Man Surfing with a Whale?
vclaim-sno-whale-tail-shaka-photo	"A photograph shows a person giving a ""shaka"" sign to a whale."	Photograph Shows Swimmer Giving ‘Shaka’ Sign to a Diving Whale
vclaim-sno-whale-venice-canal-photograph	A photograph shows a large whale swimming through a canal in Venice.	Is This a Whale in a Venice Canal?
vclaim-sno-whales-feeding-boat-photo	A photograph shows several large whales feeding near a tiny boat.	Does This Photograph Show Whales Breaching Near a Small Boat?
vclaim-sno-whales-in-jails	More than 100 whales are trapped in an underwater 'jail.'	Are Over 100 Whales Trapped in Underwater ‘Jails’?
vclaim-sno-whales-samuel-de-champlain-bridge	A photograph shows two large whales swimming beneath the Samuel De Champlain Bridge.	Is This a Photo of Two Whales Beneath the Samuel De Champlain Bridge?
vclaim-sno-what-does-koko-know-about-climate-change-nothing	A video shows Koko the gorilla spontaneously using sign language to issue a warning about climate change.	What Does Koko the Gorilla Know About Climate Change?
vclaim-sno-what-does-obama-read	"Photograph shows Barack Obama carrying the book The Post-American World, ""a Muslim's view of a defeated America."""	What Does Obama Read? ‘The Post-American World’
vclaim-sno-what-fire-looks-like-in-igloo	A photograph shows an igloo that is illuminated by a fire built inside of it.	Is This What an Igloo Looks Like When You Build a Fire Inside?
vclaim-sno-what-goes-around	The father of Alexander Fleming, the discoverer of penicillin, saved a young Winston Churchill from drowning; in gratitude Churchill's father paid for Fleming's education.	Did Alexander Fleming’s Father Save Winston Churchill from Drowning?
vclaim-sno-what-happened-quietly-obamacare	A bevy of tax increases were quietly imposed upon Americans in January 2015 due to the Affordable Care Act.	What Happened, Quietly, on January 1, 2015?
vclaim-sno-what-happiness-looks-like	A viral animation shows a myosin molecule transporting endorphins, which can be thought of as a visual representation of the feeling of happiness.	Is This ‘Walking’ Protein What Happiness Really Looks Like?
vclaim-sno-what-if-taxpayers-only-voted-map	"A map shows the results of the 2012 election if ""only taxpayers voted."""	What If Only Taxpayers Voted?
vclaim-sno-what-if	In 1941, newsman	Edward R. Murrow on Restraint
vclaim-sno-what-is-an-american	An article defining “What is an American?” was penned by an Australian dentist.	What Is an American?
vclaim-sno-what-is-the-bottom-drawer-of-an-oven-really-for	The bottom drawer on an oven can be used to keep food warm.	What Is the Bottom Drawer of an Oven Really For?
vclaim-sno-what-the-fuck	The word 'fuck' derives from an acronymic phrase, either 'For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge' or 'Fornication Under Consent of the King.'	Etymology of the the ‘F-Word’
vclaim-sno-what-the-truck	A mysterious “large weird truck convoy” in Virginia remains unexplained.	Large Weird Truck Convoy?
vclaim-sno-whataburger-changing-colors	The restaurant chain Whataburger is changing their signature colors to blue, black, and white.	Is Whataburger Changing Their Colors?
vclaim-sno-whataburger-closing-its-doors	The restaurant chain Whataburger announced that it was closing its doors.	Whataburger Closing Its Doors?
vclaim-sno-whataburger-dollar-burger-day	"Whataburger is holding a ""Dollar Burger Day"" promotion on 29 March 2016."	Whataburger ‘Dollar Burger Day’ Promotion
vclaim-sno-whats-a-military-family-worth	Article contrasts compensation paid to families of September 11 victims with benefits paid to families of U.S. military personnel killed on active duty.	What’s a Military Family Worth?
vclaim-sno-whats-app-argentina-is-doing-it	"A WhatsApp video message known as ""Argentina Is Doing It"" spreads malware that irreparably hacks viewers' cell phones."	Will the WhatsApp Message ‘Argentina Is Doing It’ Hack My Phone?
vclaim-sno-whats-in-a-name-2	Sarah Palin said that it’s time to get someone with a regular name back in the White House.	Sarah Palin Wants A President With A Regular Name?
vclaim-sno-whats-in-the-briefcase	The briefcase retrieved by Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield in the film Pulp Fiction contained the soul of their boss, Marsellus Wallace.	What’s in the ‘Pulp Fiction’ Briefcase?
vclaim-sno-whatsapp-gold-scam	WhatsApp Gold is a premium service offered by WhatsApp.	‘WhatsApp Gold’ Virus
vclaim-sno-whatsapp-martinelli-phone-virus-warning	"A WhatsApp video known as ""Martinelli"" spreads malware that irreparably hacks your cell phone."	WhatsApp ‘Martinelli’ Phone Virus Warning
vclaim-sno-whatsapp-opt-out	"A new rule will allow WhatsApp to ""use"" your photos and private posts, but you can opt out of this by posting a disclaimer."	Can You Opt Out of Having WhatsApp ‘Use’ Your Photos and Private Posts?
vclaim-sno-whatsapp-share-with-facebook	WhatsApp will share personal user information with Facebook, who will make it  publicly available.	WhatsApp Will Share Personal User Information with Facebook and Make It Public?
vclaim-sno-whatsapp-terms-data-facebook	WhatsApp’s new terms of service as of early January 2021 allows the messaging app to share bank account information and other data with Facebook, as well as censor private messages.	Does WhatsApp’s New Terms of Service Share Data with Facebook?
vclaim-sno-wheat-toxic	U.S. farmers are saturating wheat crops with the herbicide Roundup as a desiccant before each harvest, causing an increase in wheat-related ailments.	The Real Reason Wheat is Toxic
vclaim-sno-wheaties-cereal-sticks-to-magnets-because-it-iron	Wheaties cereal sticks to magnets because it has metal flakes.	Wheaties Cereal Sticks to Magnets Because It Contains Iron?
vclaim-sno-wheel-of-fortune-clam-digger	"A contestant on ""Wheel of Fortune"" made an unfortunate letter choice for a ""Clam Digger"" puzzle."	Is the Wheel of Fortune ‘Clam Digger’ Video Real?
vclaim-sno-wheel-of-fortune	Clever thief finds an inventive way to steal right under a guard’s nose	Stealing Wheelbarrows
vclaim-sno-wheel-of-misfortune	To enhance maximum driving safety, motorists should keep their hands at the 10 and 2 o'clock positions on the steering wheel.	Should You Put Your Hands at the 10 and 2 O’Clock Positions on the Steering Wheel?
vclaim-sno-when-a-writer-falls-in-love-with-you	The viral quote “If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die” was written by Canadian rapper Drake.	When a Writer Falls in Love with You
vclaim-sno-when-is-hocus-pocus-2-coming-out	"Disney announced a sequel to ""Hocus Pocus."""	Is ‘Hocus Pocus 2’ Coming Out?
vclaim-sno-when-will-obama-crack-in-public	Mychal Massie wrote an opinion piece entitled “When Will Obama Crack in Public?”	When Will Obama Crack in Public?
vclaim-sno-where-have-all-the-leaders-gone	"An excerpt reproduces passages from Lee Iacocca's ""Where Have All the Leaders Gone?"""	Lee Iacocca – Where Have All the Leaders Gone?
vclaim-sno-where-is-god	On NBC’s Today program, Billy Graham’s daughter said to Bryant Gumbel that “We need to make up our mind — do we want God or do we not want Him . . . We cannot just ask Him in when disaster strikes.”	Billy Graham’s Daughter’s Speech
vclaim-sno-wheres-damn-dinner-plane-banner-flown-womens-march	"A photograph shows a plane with banner reading ""Where's my damn dinner?"" flying over the Women's March."	Did a Plane Fly a ‘Where’s My Damn Dinner?’ Banner Over the Women’s March?
vclaim-sno-wheres-the-outrage	Letter to the	Where’s the Outrage – Alisa Wilson
vclaim-sno-whether-balloon	A girl named Laura Buxton released a balloon that ended up in the hands of another girl named Laura Buxton who lived 140 miles away.	Laura Buxton Balloon Coincidence
vclaim-sno-which-side-of-the-fence	A list of 'Which Side of the Fence?' entries distinguishing Republicans from Democrats originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.	Which Side of the Fence?
vclaim-sno-whimsical-cottage-in-poland	A photograph shows a whimsical cottage in Poland.	Is This Whimsical Cottage in Poland Real?
vclaim-sno-whipped-molestation-vigilantes	A video shows a man being whipped to death by vigilantes because he molested a 2-year-old child.	Was This Man Whipped to Death for Molesting a 2-Year-Old Child?
vclaim-sno-whisky-vending-machine	A vintage photograph shows a common workplace item from the 1960s: A whisky vending machine.	Is This a Photograph of a Whisky Vending Machine?
vclaim-sno-whistleblower-dating-schiff	U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff's daughter is dating the alleged whistleblower at the center of the impeachment hearings against President Donald Trump.	Is the Trump Whistleblower Dating Rep. Adam Schiff’s Daughter?
vclaim-sno-whistleblowers-firsthand-knowledge	"The intelligence community ""secretly eliminated"" a requirement that whistleblowers provide firsthand knowledge of alleged wrongdoings, allowing the complaint about Trump's dealings with Ukraine to be filed."	Did US Intelligence Eliminate a Requirement That Whistleblowers Provide Firsthand Knowledge?
vclaim-sno-whistleblunder	President Obama granted immunity to a CDC whistleblower to allow him to freely testify about the link between vaccines and autism.	Obama Admin Grants Immunity to CDC Scientist
vclaim-sno-white-bic-lighter-deaths	Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin, and Kurt Cobain all died with white Bic lighters in their pockets.	Did Several Musicians Die with White BIC Lighters in Their Pockets?
vclaim-sno-white-christmas-petition-video	"College students are petitioning to get the song ""White Christmas"" banned due to racism."	Some College Students Sign Petition To Ban Song ‘White Christmas’
vclaim-sno-white-easter-egg-roll	President Trump's White House invited mostly white children to the Easter Egg Roll event.	Did the Trumps Invite Mostly White Children to the White House Easter Egg Roll?
vclaim-sno-white-farmers-south-africa	"A ""large-scale killing"" of white farmers is taking place in South Africa."	Is a ‘Large-Scale Killing’ of White Farmers Underway in South Africa?
vclaim-sno-white-front-2	The CDC has announced trials of an Ebola vaccine that works only on white people.	CDC Says Ebola Vaccine Only Works on White People
vclaim-sno-white-front	A franchise owner has been granted permission to open a whites-only Arby’s restaurant in Florida.	Arby’s Franchise Owner Wins Approval for Whites-Only Restaurant
vclaim-sno-white-giraffe-killed	Kenya’s only female white giraffe and her calf were killed by poachers.	Was a Rare White Giraffe Killed by Poachers in Kenya?
vclaim-sno-white-house-benghazi-response	Top Obama administration officials watched the Benghazi attack unfold in real-time but did nothing to intervene.	Did the White House Watch the Benghazi Attack and Do Nothing?
vclaim-sno-white-house-cancels-all-obama-appearances	President Obama has cancelled all upcming appearances at campaign events for Hillary Clinton in October 2016.	White House Cancels All Obama Appearances at Hillary Campaign Events
vclaim-sno-white-house-catering-list-leak	"The image depicts a leaked ""White House catering"" sheet requiring Mountain Dew, Hungry Man dinners, and framed Electoral College maps."	Is This a Real White House Catering Sheet for a Middle East Visit?
vclaim-sno-white-house-christmas	The White House has decreed that its 2013 Christmas trees will be referred to as “Holiday trees.”	White House Ban on ‘Christmas’ Trees
vclaim-sno-white-house-comment-line-trump	The White House updated the voice message on the automated telephone comments line to blame Democrats for a government shutdown.	Did the White House Change Outgoing Message on Comment Line to Blame Democrats?
vclaim-sno-white-house-comment-shutdown	President Trump's administration shut down the White House phone comment line.	Did President Trump Shut Down the White House Phone-In Comment Line?
vclaim-sno-white-house-dress-code	President Trump's White House dress code includes a requirement women wear dresses.	Does President Trump’s White House Dress Code Mandate Dresses for Female Staffers?
vclaim-sno-white-house-easter-cancel	The White House cancelled the 2017 Easter Egg roll.	Did the White House Cancel the 2017 Easter Egg Roll?
vclaim-sno-white-house-fence-islamic-symbols	Security improvements to the White House fence in 2015 included the introduction of Islamic symbolism to the design.	Were Islamic Symbols Added to the White House Fence?
vclaim-sno-white-house-gift-shop-covid-coins	The White House Gift Shop is selling coronavirus commemorative coins.	Is the White House Gift Shop Selling Coronavirus Commemorative Coins?
vclaim-sno-white-house-inclusive-pronouns	The Biden administration’s White House website contact form allows users to choose from more gender-inclusive pronouns and prefixes including “they/them” and “Mx.”	Does the White House Contact Form Now Have Gender-Inclusive Pronouns?
vclaim-sno-white-house-lighting	The White House was illuminated purple the night Prince died but did nothing when five police officers were killed in Dallas.	White House Lighting
vclaim-sno-white-house-logo-change	President Obama altered the White House logo to replace the U.S flag with a white flag (commonly associated with surrender).	What Obama Just Did to the White House Logo
vclaim-sno-white-house-oval-pawffice-texas	In response to the Texas blackouts, the White House made a misguided attempt at doggo humor in a tweet purporting to speak in the voice of President Joe Biden's dog Champ.	Did the White House Tweet This “Oval Pawffice” Post in Response to the Texas Blackouts?
vclaim-sno-white-house-portrait-ceremony	A traditional White House ceremony, where a sitting president unveils the portrait of his predecessor, will not take place in 2020, owing to antipathy between Donald Trump and Barack Obama.	Will the White House Portrait Ceremony Not Occur in 2020?
vclaim-sno-white-house-press-secretary-say-wwii-vets-upset-japan-visit-get	"White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said World War II veterans who felt ""embittered"" by diplomatic relations with Japan on the anniversary of Pearl Harbor in 2016 should ""get over it."""	Did the White House Press Secretary Say That WWII Vets Upset About Japan Visit Should ‘Get Over It’?
vclaim-sno-white-house-quarantine-text	"The White House sent out text messages in mid-March 2020 informing people that a ""mandatory quarantine"" in U.S. would start within 48 hours."	Is White House Invoking the Stafford Act to Impose a Quarantine and Mobilize the National Guard?
vclaim-sno-white-house-raises	Chart shows top 20 raises given to White House staffers in 2010.	White House Raises
vclaim-sno-white-house-razor-wire-fence	A photograph shows razor wire atop a newly constructed security fence outside the White House.	Was Razor Wire Placed Around the White House?
vclaim-sno-white-house-reality-show	President Donald Trump and his family will be the subjects of an upcoming reality show.	Is President Trump Making a White House Reality Show?
vclaim-sno-white-house-syria-publicity	In the wake of a missile strike ordered by President Trump on Syria in April 2017, senior White House officials admitted that it served no actual purpose.	White House Admits Syria Missile Attack Was a Publicity Stunt to Make Trump Look Good?
vclaim-sno-white-house-trump-accomplishments	The White House updated its list of “Trump Administration Accomplishments” on its website for January 2021. These include “the world’s most prosperous economy,” before “the China Virus invaded our shores.”	Did the White House Update a List of ‘Trump Administration Accomplishments’?
vclaim-sno-white-house-trump-rally	The White House falsified an image of U.S. President Donald Trump’s rally in Tampa, Florida, to make the event appear more widely attended.	Did the White House Alter Trump Rally Photos To Show More Attendees?
vclaim-sno-white-house-trump_photo-delete	The White House posted and then deleted an unflattering photograph of President Trump that displayed marked facial coloration.	Did the White House Delete an Unflattering ‘Orange Face’ Photo of Trump?
vclaim-sno-white-house-wash	The White House obtained its name because it was repainted white after the British burned it in 1814.	Did the White House Get Its Name After Being Burned by the British?
vclaim-sno-white-house-web-site-trump-changes	"Donald Trump removed the terms ""LGBT"" and ""climate change"" from the White House web site."	Did Donald Trump Remove the Terms ‘LGBT’ and ‘Climate Change’ from the White House Web Site?
vclaim-sno-white-island-volcano-video	A video documents the volcanic eruption on New Zealand's White Island in December 2019.	Does This Video Show the White Island Volcano Eruption?
vclaim-sno-white-strawberries-taste-pineapples	A white strawberry that tastes like pineapple is available in certain markets.	Do White Strawberries That Taste Like Pineapples Exist?
vclaim-sno-white-supremacist-democrat	A man who was either the organizer of the 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia or the driver of the car that ran down protesters, killing one, is a Democrat who was photographed meeting President Obama in the Oval Office.	Was White Supremacist Who Killed Protester a Democrat Who Visited Obama in Oval Office?
vclaim-sno-white-teen-girl-identifies-as-indian-chief-demands-tribal-benefits	A white teen girl claimed she was entitled to tribal benefits because she identifies as a Native American elder.	White Teen Girl Identifies as Indian Chief, Demands Tribal Benefits
vclaim-sno-white-van-facebook-hoax	White vans are being used by human traffickers as part of a coordinated effort to abduct women.	Are White Vans Being Used in Coordinated Human Trafficking Abductions?
vclaim-sno-white-wedding	Actor Mel Gibson’s daughter has married a Jewish man.	Mel Gibson’s Daughter Marries a Jewish Man
vclaim-sno-white-wilderness	Filmmakers staged lemming death scenes for the Disney nature documentary White Wilderness.	Did Disney Fake Lemming Deaths for the Nature Documentary ‘White Wilderness’?
vclaim-sno-whitehouse-promoting-melania-trumps-qvc-products	Melania Trump's biography on the White House web site promotes her jewelry line.	Is WhiteHouse.gov Promoting Melania Trump’s QVC Products?
vclaim-sno-whitmer-mask-photo	A photograph shows Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer not wearing a mask at a news conference announcing new COVID-19 restrictions.	Does a Photograph Show Michigan Gov. Whitmer Without a Mask?
vclaim-sno-whitmer-the-niece-of-soros	Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer is the niece of billionaire George Soros.	Is Gov. Whitmer the Niece of George Soros?
vclaim-sno-whitney-hayek	Whitney Hayek is missing from her Emerald Isle, North Carolina, home.	Missing Child: Whitney Hayek
vclaim-sno-whittier-carjacking-warning	E-mail warns about a carjacking attempt in Whittier, California.	Whittier Carjacking Warning
vclaim-sno-who-are-you	The Japanese prime minister made an embarrassing verbal gaffe upon meeting U.S. president Barack Obama.	Who Are You?
vclaim-sno-who-increased-the-debt	A 2011 chart compares changes in the U.S. national debt over the last several presidencies.	Who Increased the Debt?
vclaim-sno-who-is-barack-obama	Barack Obama is a “radical Muslim” who “will not recite the Pledge of Allegiance.”	Who Is Barack Obama?
vclaim-sno-who-stripped-jessica-rabbit	Disney animators drew Jessica Rabbit without underwear in a few frames of 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit.'	Who Stripped Jessica Rabbit
vclaim-sno-whole-foods-market-bans-gendered-language	The Whole Foods Market organic grocery chain has banned the use of gendered language.	Whole Foods Market Bans Gendered Language
vclaim-sno-whole-foods	Whole Foods has removed Israeli products from its shelves and replaced them with Muslim-approved products.	Whole Foods Supports Hamas?
vclaim-sno-whoopi-goldberg-military-widows	"Whoopi Goldberg said that ""military widows love their 15 minutes in the spotlight."""	Did Whoopi Goldberg Say ‘Military Widows Love Their 15 Minutes in the Spotlight?’
vclaim-sno-whoopi-goldberg-puppy-mill	Whoopi Goldberg was arrested following an FBI investigation into an alleged dog-breeding operation.	Was Whoopi Goldberg Arrested for Running a ‘Puppy Mill’?
vclaim-sno-whoopi-goldberg-wears-violent-trump-shirt	Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt depicting violence against President Trump.	Did Whoopi Goldberg Wear a Violent Anti-Trump Shirt?
vclaim-sno-whos-on-first	Comedians Bud Abbott and Lou Costello are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.	Are Abbott and Costello Members of Baseball’s Hall of Fame?
vclaim-sno-whos-saurian-now	A Palm Beach golfer was devoured by a large crocodile right on the links.	Crocodile Eats Golfer
vclaim-sno-why-ask-why	A philosophy professor gives a final exam consisting entirely of a single word: “Why?” One student answers “Why not?” and receives	One Word Exam Answer
vclaim-sno-why-english-teachers-die-young	List presents humorously bad analogies and metaphors taken from high school essays.	Why English Teachers Die Young
vclaim-sno-why-i-do-not-like-the-obamas	Mychal Massie wrote an opinion piece entitled “Why I Do Not Like the Obamas.”	Why I Do Not Like the Obamas
vclaim-sno-why-michelle-came-home	Barack Obama’s status as a Muslim prevented his wife from traveling with him to Islamic countries in April 2009.	Why Michelle Came Home
vclaim-sno-why-obama-will-lose-in-a-landslide	Wayne Allyn Root opined that President Obama will lose his re-election bid in 2012 by a landslide.	Wayne Allyn Root — Why Obama Will Lose in a Landslide
vclaim-sno-why-ohio	The Obama campaign is seeking to restrict military voting in Ohio.	Obama Campaign Seeks to Restrict Military Voting?
vclaim-sno-why-wombat-poop-is-square	In January 2021, scientists discovered that the exceptionally rectangular droppings of wombats are the result of an uniquely evolved gastrointestinal system and not a cube-shaped anus as was previously proposed.	Did Scientists Discover Why Wombat Poop Is Square?
vclaim-sno-wi-to-eliminate-food-assistance	The state of Wisconsin banned all FoodShare/EBT programs through 2019 due to budgetary concerns.	Wisconsin to Eliminate All Food Assistance Programs Through 2019
vclaim-sno-wichita-robbery-attempt	E-mail describes an attempted robbery at a Wichita, Kansas, convenience store.	Wichita Convenience Store Robbery Attempt
vclaim-sno-widowed-penguins-photo	A photograph shows two “widowed” penguins appearing to console each other while gazing at the city lights in Melbourne, Australia.	Does a Photo Show ‘Widowed’ Penguins Consoling Each Other?
vclaim-sno-wikileaks-clintons-purchase-200-million-maldives-estate	WikiLeaks revealed that the Clintons spent $200 million on an estate in the Maldives.	WikiLeaks: Clintons Purchase $200 Million Maldives Estate
vclaim-sno-wikileaks-cofirms-hillary-clinton-sold-weapons-to-isis	E-mails released by WikiLeaks confirm Hillary Clinton sold weapons to ISIS.	WikiLeaks Confirms Hillary Clinton Sold Weapons to ISIS?
vclaim-sno-wikileaks-exposes-clinton-assassination-of-antonin-scalia	E-mail published by WikiLeaks revealed Clinton operatives assassinated Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.	WikiLeaks Exposes Clinton Assassination of Antonin Scalia?
vclaim-sno-wikileaks-releases-deep-state-files-deepstatefiles	"Wikileaks released a trove of ""deep state files"" in late December 2017."	Did WikiLeaks Release a Trove of ‘Deep State Files’?
vclaim-sno-wild-abandon	Person in a state of undress is accidentally left behind at a roadside rest stop by a spouse.	Spouse Left at Rest Stop
vclaim-sno-wild-dogs-zoo-kill-boy	A pack of wild dogs attacked and killed a two-year-old child at a Pittsburgh zoo.	Did Wild Dogs Kill a Two-Year-Old Boy at a Zoo?
vclaim-sno-wild-when-wet	Using cruise control on wet roads or during heavy rain can cause you to lose control of your vehicle.	Is Using Cruise Control on Wet Roads Dangerous?
vclaim-sno-wildcat-in-the-suitcase	Thieves make off with a suitcase, then find out it contains a wildcat.	Wildcat in the Suitcase
vclaim-sno-wildfire-damage-gender-reveal	In 2020, a California wildfire caused by a pyrotechnic device at a baby's gender reveal party caused more property damage than all U.S. Black Lives Matter protests that year combined.	Did Fire Caused by Gender Reveal Party Damage More Property Than 2020 Protests?
vclaim-sno-wildfires-california-high-speed-railway	The November 2018 California wildfires matched up “exactly” with the route of California’s proposed high speed railway.	Do Recent Wildfires Match Up ‘Exactly’ with California’s Proposed High Speed Railway?
vclaim-sno-wildfires-stop-borders	While the western U.S. was plagued by wildfires in September 2020, maps showed western Canada was experiencing no such fires.	Do North American Wildfires Stop at National Borders?
vclaim-sno-will-a-deadline-of-1-january-2017-kill-the-dakota-access-pipeline	Protests could permanently halt the Dakota Access Pipeline by blocking construction until 1 January 2017, when the project's contracts expire.	Will a Deadline of 1 January 2017 Kill the Dakota Access Pipeline?
vclaim-sno-will-a-doomsday-asteroid-destroy-earth-in-february-2017	NASA is lying about the path of a recently discovered asteroid, and it will actually cause widespread destruction when it hits Earth in February 2017.	Will a Doomsday Asteroid Destroy Earth in February 2017?
vclaim-sno-will-burning-bay-leaves-reduce-anxiety	Bay leaves contain a compound that decreases anxiety when burned.	Will Burning Bay Leaves Reduce Anxiety?
vclaim-sno-will-cosmo-after-dark-show-porn	"The Snapchat channel ""Cosmo After Dark"" features pornography and will be shown to children as young as 13."	Will Snapchat’s ‘Cosmo After Dark’ Channel Show Pornography to Children?
vclaim-sno-will-defunct-chinese-space-station-crash-earth-march-2018	A defunct Chinese space station is expected to fall back to Earth in mid-March 2018.	Will A Defunct Chinese Space Station Crash Into Earth in March 2018?
vclaim-sno-will-eating-alligator-save-wetlands	Eating alligator in New Orleans will help save the wetlands of Louisiana.	Will Eating Alligator Meat Help Save the Louisiana Wetlands?
vclaim-sno-will-jaden-smith-death-hoax	Actor Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith were killed in a car crash in December 2019.	Were Will and Jaden Smith Killed in a Car Crash?
vclaim-sno-will-jason-chaffetz-resign	Rep. Jason Chaffetz will soon resign from the House due to pending, lurid scandals.	Chaffetz to Resign Due to Sex and Russian Money Laundering Scandals?
vclaim-sno-will-landlines-eventually-dial-911-or-emergency-services-if-left-off-the-hook	A landline disengaged from its cradle will eventually self-dial 911.	Will Landlines Eventually Dial 911 or Emergency Services if Left Off the Hook?
vclaim-sno-will-louisiana-evict-nursing-home-patients	Louisiana will evict elderly people from nursing homes because Medicaid funds ran out.	Will Louisiana Evict Nursing Home Patients Because Medicaid Ran Out?
vclaim-sno-will-quoting-the-bible-be-made-illegal	Quoting the Bible will become illegal in Cincinnati as of 9 December 2015.	Will quoting the Bible be made illegal in Cincinnati?
vclaim-sno-will-smith-buys-bet	Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith have purchased the BET channel.	No, Will Smith Hasn’t Bought BET
vclaim-sno-will-smith-death-hoax	Actor Will Smith has died during surgery following an accident.	Will Smith Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-will-smith-diagnosed	"In 2019, Will Smith was ""rushed to hospital"" and ""diagnosed with a life-threatening disease."""	Was Will Smith ‘Diagnosed With a Life-Threatening Disease’?
vclaim-sno-will-smith-teeth-knocked-out	A video shows actor Will Smith's teeth knocked out by singer Jason Derulo's errant golf swing.	Were Will Smith’s Teeth Knocked Out by Jason Derulo?
vclaim-sno-will-the-epa-ban-manmade-snow	The Environmental Protection Agency will ban manmade snow after dihydrogen monoxide was found.	Is the EPA Banning Manmade Snow Due to High Concentrations of Dihydrogen Monoxide?
vclaim-sno-will-tonight-be-the-darkest-night-in-500-years	"The ""darkest night in 500 years"" will take place on 20 December 2016 due to a lunar eclipse."	Will Tonight Be the Darkest Night in 500 Years?
vclaim-sno-will-un-peacekeepers-deployed-streets-chicago	UN Peacekeepers will be sent to quell violence in Chicago.	Will UN Peacekeepers Be Deployed on the Streets of Chicago?
vclaim-sno-william-bradley-voted-dead	The ballot of an 118-year-old deceased man named William Bradley was counted in Michigan.	Was the Ballot of Deceased Man Named William Bradley Counted in Michigan?
vclaim-sno-william-golding-on-women	"Lord of the Flies author William Golding once said that women are ""far superior [to men] and always have been."""	Did Author William Golding Say That ‘Women Are Far Superior’ to Men?
vclaim-sno-william-h-macy-death-hoax	In March 2017, actor William H. Macy died of a heart attack at the age of 66.	William H. Macy Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-william-harvey-carney-medal	William Harvey Carney was the first African-American serviceman to be awarded the Medal of Honor.	Was William Harvey Carney the First Black Medal of Honor Recipient?
vclaim-sno-william-kamkwamba	Based on information he learned from library books, school drop-out William Kamkwamba built a windmill out of scrap parts and brought electricity to his village in Malawi.	The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind
vclaim-sno-william-mcraven-column	"Retired Navy Admiral William McRaven wrote that he would ""consider it an honor"" if President Donald Trump revoked his security clearance."	Did the Man Who Oversaw the Bin Laden Raid Say It Would Be ‘An Honor’ If President Trump Revoked His Security Clearance?
vclaim-sno-william-pryor-nude	A photograph of a nude young man pictures Judge William Pryor, a potential Supreme Court nominee.	Judge William Pryor Posed Nude for a Gay Magazine?
vclaim-sno-william-shatner-halloween-mask	The mass-murdering Michael Myers character in the Halloween series of films sports what was originally a Captain Kirk mask.	Who Was Michael Myers?
vclaim-sno-william-tyrell	A three-year-old boy named William Tyrell is missing from his New South Wales, Australia, home.	Missing Child: William Tyrell
vclaim-sno-willie-nelson-death-hoax	Country star Willie Nelson has died.	Willie Nelson Death Hoax
vclaim-sno-willie-nelson-seriously-ill	Willie Nelson fell seriously ill in May 2018.	Is Willie Nelson Seriously Ill?
vclaim-sno-willie-nelson-weed	Country music singer Willie Nelson stopped smoking weed.	Did Willie Nelson Quit Smoking Weed?
vclaim-sno-willie-sutton	Willie Sutton gave his reason for robbing banks as: “That’s where the money is.”	Willie Sutton – ‘That’s Where the Money Is’
vclaim-sno-willie-whoopass-johnson-hit-kkk	"A photograph shows a Black man named Willie ""Whoopass"" Johnson hitting a Klansman."	Did Willie ‘Whoopass’ Johnson Hit a Klansman?
vclaim-sno-willy-gilligan	On the 'Gilligan's Island' TV sitcom, the Gilligan character's first name was 'Willy.'	Was Gilligan’s First Name ‘Willy’?
vclaim-sno-wind-idiot-power	According to Thomas Homer-Dixon, wind turbines never recoup the energy it takes to build them.	Do Windmills Consume More Energy to Build Than They Ever Produce?
vclaim-sno-wind-turbine-blades-landfills	The “wind turbine graveyard” in Casper, Wyoming, is home to more than 1,100 wind turbine blades that have been disposed of and buried in a local landfill since 2019.	Are Windmill Turbine Blades Buried in Wyoming Landfill?
vclaim-sno-wind-turbine-destroyed-storm	A video shows a wind turbine being destroyed during a major storm.	Was this Wind Turbine Destroyed During a Storm?
vclaim-sno-wind-turbine-explosion	A video clip shows a wind turbine exploding during high winds.	Does This Video Show a Wind Turbine Explosion?
vclaim-sno-wind-turbines-antarctica	Wind turbines can function properly in extremely cold locations such as Antarctica	Does Antarctica Have Functioning Wind Turbines?
vclaim-sno-wind-turbines-texas-power-outages	Frozen wind turbines played a major role in Texas power outages as unusually harsh winter storms covered the region in snow and ice in February 2021.	Were Frozen Wind Turbines in Texas a Major Factor in Power Outages?
vclaim-sno-windfall-profits-tax	Nancy Pelosi advocated implementing a 100% windfall tax on stock market profits and retirement income.	Did Nancy Pelosi Advocate for a 100 Percent Windfall Tax?
vclaim-sno-window-seat	Mitt Romney said he thinks airplane windows should be able to roll down in case of fire.	Window Seat
vclaim-sno-window-strength-death	A Toronto lawyer demonstrating the safety of window panes in a skyscraper plunged through a window to his death.	Did a Man Die Demonstrating a Window’s Strength?
vclaim-sno-windows-update	Canadian police are ticketing motorists for parking their cars with the windows down.	Canadian Police Ticketing Motorists for Parking Their Cars with the Windows Down?
vclaim-sno-wine-makes-you-skinny	"Drinking wine before bed ""officially makes you skinny."""	Does Wine Before Bed ‘Make You Skinny’?
vclaim-sno-wing-and-a-prayer	The pilot of a disabled bomber went down with the plane in order to comfort a gunner trapped in a turret.	Wing and a Prayer
vclaim-sno-wing-ding	Growth hormones used in poultry cause ovarian cysts in women who consume chicken wings.	Chicken Wings and Ovarian Cysts
vclaim-sno-wingdings	Microsoft's Webings and Wingdings fonts include hidden anti-Semitic and 9/11-referential messages.	Wingdings Font’s Secret Messages
vclaim-sno-wings-with-a-side-of-health-care	The Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant chain has added a new surcharge in order to cover the cost of Obamacare.	Buffalo Wild Wings Has Added a Health Care Surcharge?
vclaim-sno-winking-glue	An image shows an advertisement for a real product called Johnson's Winking Glue.	Johnson’s Winking Glue
vclaim-sno-winnie-pooh-actually-girl	"The famous children's character ""Winnie the Pooh"" is a female bear."	Is Winnie the Pooh Actually a Girl?
vclaim-sno-winnie-the-pooh-mental-disorders	A.A. Milne created the animal characters in 'Winnie-the-Pooh' to represent various mental disorders.	Were ‘Winnie-the-Pooh’ Characters Created to Represent Different Mental Disorders?
vclaim-sno-winning-tradition	The outcome of Washington Redskins home football games has correctly predicted the winner of every	Washington Redskins Predict Presidential Elections
vclaim-sno-winston-churchill-born-dance	Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.	Was Winston Churchill Born in a Ladies’ Room During a Dance?
vclaim-sno-winston-churchill-on-muslims-and-minority-rights	Winston Churchill once said “when Muslims are in the minority they are very concerned with minority rights, when they are in the majority there are no minority rights.”	Winston Churchill on Muslims and Minority Rights
vclaim-sno-winston-churchill-on-the-arts	When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding to support the war effort, he replied: “Then what are we fighting for?”	Winston Churchill on the Arts
vclaim-sno-winston-cigarettes-smoking-for-two	An ad for Winston brand cigarettes featured a pregnant woman touting low birth weight as a benefit of smoking.	Did Winston Cigarettes Promote ‘Smoking for Two’?
vclaim-sno-wipe-out	A new Massachusetts traffic law requires that headlights be turned on when windshield wipers are in use.	Massachusetts Windshield Wipers Law
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-clerk-blocks-campus-voting	An e-mail proves that a Wisconsin city clerk was trying to prevent students from voting because they are Democrats.	Wisconsin Clerk Blocks Campus Voting Because Students Lean Democratic?
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-department-natural-resources-removes-references-climate-website	The Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources’ webpage regarding climate change’s potential effects on the Great Lakes was scrubbed of references to the word ‘climate’.	Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources Removes References to ‘Climate’ from Web Site
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-more-votes-than-voters	Wisconsin counted 3,239,920 votes but only has 3,129,000 registered voters.	No, Wisconsin Did Not Count More Votes Than Registered Voters in 2020
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-recount-observers-find-voting-machines-broken-seals	Recount observers in Wisconsin discovered voting machines seals had been compromised after the 2016 general election.	Wisconsin Recount Observers Find Voting Machines with Broken Seals?
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-transgender-students-force-to-wear-green-bracelets	Students in Wisconsin are forced to wear armbands, wristbands, or pink triangles to identify them as transgender.	Wisconsin Transgender Students Forced to Wear Green Bracelets?
vclaim-sno-wisconsin-vote-dump	Joe Biden received a fraudulent 'dump' of 143K ballots in Wisconsin in the early morning hours after Election Day 2020.	Debunking Trump Tweets: Biden’s 143K Vote ‘Dump’ in Wisconsin
vclaim-sno-wisdom-teeth-not-required	You must have your wisdom teeth and appendix removed in order to work in Antarctica.	Wisdom Teeth Not Required
vclaim-sno-with-jesus-in-her-heart	A teen died in a car crash when a plastic Jesus dashboard ornament embedded in her chest.	Was a Teenager Killed by a Plastic Dashboard Jesus?
vclaim-sno-with-sixpence-you-get-eggroll-on-your-face	An Urban Myths board game fell for a joke about Blackbeard’s using a nursery rhyme to recruit fellow pirates.	Urban Myths Board Game Error
vclaim-sno-wjw-dark-white-steve-stephens	"A Cleveland-area Fox affiliate described local murder suspect Steve Stephens as ""dark white."""	Did a Cleveland Fox Affiliate Label a Black Murder Suspect ‘Dark White’?
vclaim-sno-wku-black-students-free	Western Kentucky University will give black students free tuition as part of a program of reparations for slavery	Is a Kentucky University Giving Black Students Free Tuition as an ‘Apology’ for Slavery?
vclaim-sno-wolf-fight-female-throat	A photograph shows a female wolf protecting a male's throat during a fight.	Is This a Female Wolf Protecting a Male’s Throat During a Fight?
vclaim-sno-wolf-kill	Photograph shows hunters posing with a large cache of killed wolves.	Wolf Kill
vclaim-sno-wolf-moon-january	A full “wolf moon” will appear to North American skygazers on Jan. 28, 2021.	Will January 2021 Feature a Full ‘Wolf Moon’?
vclaim-sno-wolf-pack-photo	A photograph shows a wolf pack being led by the oldest and weakest members.	Do the Oldest and Weakest Wolves Really Lead the Pack?
vclaim-sno-woman-11-babies	An Indian woman gave birth to eleven baby boys all at once.	Indian Woman Gives Birth to 11 Baby Boys
vclaim-sno-woman-almost-loses-leg-cutting-shaving	After shaving her legs, a woman developed a life-threatening skin infection that required the removal of massive amounts of skin and muscle tissue.	Woman Almost Loses Leg After Cutting Herself Shaving?
vclaim-sno-woman-arrested-happy-meal	A woman was arrested for masturbating with a Happy Meal toy inside a McDonald's play area ball pit.	Woman Arrested for Pleasuring Herself with Happy Meal Toy
vclaim-sno-woman-arrested-pumpkin	A woman was arrested on suspicion of stealing a pumpkin from a store and hiding it in her vagina.	Was a Woman Arrested for Stealing a Pumpkin and Hiding it in Her Vagina?
vclaim-sno-woman-arrested-sausage-walmart	A woman was arrested at a WalMart store for masturbating with a sausage.	Woman Arrested for Masturbating with Jimmy Dean Sausage in Walmart Bathroom
vclaim-sno-woman-at-walmart-arrested-for-shoplifting	A woman was arrested for shoplifting after police found more than $100 worth of groceries in her vagina.	Woman at Walmart Arrested for Shoplifting; Police find $100 Worth of Groceries in Her Vagina
vclaim-sno-woman-attacked-on-camera-for-wearing-a-trump-hat-in-hollywood	A woman was attacked in Hollywood because she was wearing a pro-Donald Trump hat.	Was a Woman Attacked on Camera for Wearing a ‘Make America Great Again’ Hat in Hollywood?
vclaim-sno-woman-births-octopus	Woman gives birth to octopus (or lizard, frog, fish, or snake).	Woman Births Octopus
vclaim-sno-woman-buried-alive-twins	A woman gave birth to twins in a casket after her husband buried her alive.	Woman Gives Birth to Twins in Casket After Husband Buries Her Alive
vclaim-sno-woman-caught-smuggling-cactus	A New Zealand woman was sentenced to a year of “intensive supervision” after attempting to smuggle 947 succulents and cacti strapped to her body in 2019.	Was a Woman Caught Smuggling Nearly 1,000 Cacti and Succulents Strapped to Her Body?
vclaim-sno-woman-charged-eating-husband-alive	An Ohio woman was charged by the Centerville Police Department with slowly eating her husband alive over a period of three years.	Was an Ohio Woman Charged After Slowly Eating Her Husband Alive?
vclaim-sno-woman-clubs-boyfriend-dream	A man was beaten to death by his girlfriend because she had a dream that he cheated on her with a waitress at a golf course.	Did a Woman Club Her Boyfriend to Death Because He Cheated on Her in a Dream?
vclaim-sno-woman-comes-out-of-grave	Indonesian villagers performed a rite that brought a dead woman back to life after three years in the grave.	Did a Woman Come Out of Her Grave and Walk After Being Dead for 3 Years?
vclaim-sno-woman-develops-iq-of-220-after-drinking-sperm-every-day-for-a-year	A woman's IQ skyrocketed to an historic 220 after she drank sperm or semen for a year.	Woman Develops IQ of 220 After Drinking Sperm Every Day for a Year
vclaim-sno-woman-dies-head-trapped-car-garage	A 23-year-old Ohio woman died after her head became trapped between her vehicle door and its frame after colliding with the payment machine in a parking garage.	Did Woman Die After Trapping Her Head in Car Door at Garage Kiosk?
vclaim-sno-woman-dies-in-cinema-while-watching-it-remake	A woman died at a movie theater while watching the movie It in September 2017.	Woman Dies in Cinema While Watching ‘It’ Remake?
vclaim-sno-woman-forces-genitals-eat	A woman sliced a rapist's genitals off and forced him to eat them.	Woman Slices Off Rapist’s Genitals, Forces Him to Eat It at Gunpoint
vclaim-sno-woman-gives-birth-to-a-human-goat-hybrid	A woman who was impregnated by a goat has given birth to a goat-child.	Did a Woman Give Birth to a Human-Goat Hybrid?
vclaim-sno-woman-gives-birth-to-puppies	A South African woman gave birth to puppies after having sex with the family dog.	Woman Gives Birth to Puppies After Having Sex with Family Dog?
vclaim-sno-woman-has-dead-kitten-removed	A woman had a dead kitten surgically removed from her vagina after inserting it to simulate the feeling of being pregnant.	Did a Woman Have a Dead Kitten Removed from Her Vagina?
vclaim-sno-woman-mistaken-for-clown-shot	"Amidst ""clown sightings"" rumors, Walmart shoppers attacked or killed a woman ""wearing too much makeup."""	Woman Mistaken for Clown Shot and Killed in Walmart Parking Lot
vclaim-sno-woman-paid-to-frame-cosby	A Hollywood insider revealed that Bill Cosby was framed with rape allegations to prevent him from buying the television network NBC.	Did a Woman Admit She Was Paid to Frame Bill Cosby With Rape?
vclaim-sno-woman-pileup-jesus-candy	A woman caused a ten-car pileup after she believed she saw Jesus' image in her Kit Kat bar.	Woman Causes Pileup After Seeing Jesus in Her Candy Bar
vclaim-sno-woman-ping-pong-face	A video shows a woman using her face as a paddle during a game of table tennis.	Is This Woman Playing Ping-Pong with Her Face as a Paddle?
vclaim-sno-woman-pms-189-murders	A woman named Loretta Jones was arrested on suspicion of murdering 189 people in the United States and Mexico, crimes associated with her diagnosis of premenstrual dysphoric disorder.	Was a Woman With ‘Chronic PMS’ Arrested on Suspicion of 189 Murders?
vclaim-sno-woman-pregnant-eating-squid	A woman in South Korea was impregnated via mouth after eating a squid.	Did a Woman Become Pregnant from Eating Squid?
vclaim-sno-woman-prosecuted-laughing-sessions	Code Pink member Desiree Fairooz was prosecuted for disorderly conduct after she laughed during Attorney General Jeff Sessions's confirmation hearing.	Was a Woman Prosecuted for Laughing During Jeff Sessions’ Confirmation Hearing?
vclaim-sno-woman-quits-winning-lottery	A woman defecated on her boss' desk after she won a lottery.	Was a Woman Arrested for Defecating on Supervisor’s Desk After Winning Lottery?
vclaim-sno-woman-record-14-kids	A woman set a Guinness World Record for having 14 kids with 14 different fathers.	Did a Woman Set a World Record with 14 Kids from 14 Fathers?
vclaim-sno-woman-runs-husband-down-with-suv-because-he-voted-for-trump	A fervent Hillary Clinton supporter ran her husband down with an SUV because she found out he voted for Donald Trump.	Woman Runs Husband Down with SUV Because He Voted for Trump
vclaim-sno-woman-say-theme-park-fat-shamed-couldnt-fit-ride	"A woman claimed she was ""fat shamed"" by a Harry Potter-themed ride after getting kicked off."	Did a Woman Say a Theme Park ‘Fat-Shamed’ Her Because She Couldn’t Fit on a Ride?
vclaim-sno-woman-sets-her-husband-on-fire-for-raping-daughter	A woman set her husband on fire for molesting their daughter.	Did a Woman Set Her Husband on Fire for Raping Her 7-Year-Old Daughter?
vclaim-sno-woman-snake-xray	An x-ray image shows a snake that entered a woman's stomach by crawling through her vagina.	Does This X-Ray Show a Snake Inside a Woman’s Body?
vclaim-sno-woman-stabs-boyfriend-for-having-sex-with-a-turkey-carcass	A woman stabbed her boyfriend because he attempted to sexually gratify himself using a raw turkey.	Did a Woman Stab Her Boyfriend for Penetrating a Turkey?
vclaim-sno-woman-stabs-partner-dance	A video shows a woman stabbing her partner on the dance floor.	Does This Video Show a Woman Stabbing Her Dance Partner?
vclaim-sno-woman-stroke-beauty-salon	Getting your hair washed at a beauty salon can, in rare cases, increase the chances of a stroke.	Beauty Salon Visit Caused Stroke?
vclaim-sno-woman-struggles-to-open-can-of-spaghetti-os	A video depicts a young woman's struggling to open a can of Spaghetti-Os as a crowd watches and cheers her eventual hard-won victory.	Young Woman Struggles to Open Can of Spaghetti-Os
vclaim-sno-woman-suing-gorilla-glue-hair	A woman is seeking medical help and suing the manufacturer after she sprayed Gorilla Glue in her hair.	Is a Woman Suing Gorilla Glue After She Put It in Her Hair?
vclaim-sno-woman-survive-titanic-hindenburg-pearl-harbor-9-11	Anna Mae Dickinson survived a variety of infamous tragedies, including the sinking of the Titanic, the Hindenburg explosion, and the 9/11 terrorist attacks.	Did a Woman Survive the Titanic, Hindenburg, Pearl Harbor, and 9/11?
vclaim-sno-woman-undiscovered-dead-home	In 2006, the skeletal remains of Joyce Carol Vincent were found in her home, with the television on, years after her death.	Did an English Woman Lie Dead at Home Undiscovered for Years?
vclaim-sno-woman-versus-fish	"A  video shows a ""weather reporter"" getting smacked in the face by a flying fish during a television segment."	Does This Video Capture a Weather Reporter Slapped in the Face by a Large Fish?
vclaim-sno-woman-warned-las-vegas-shooting	"During a concert in Las Vegas on 1 October 2017, a ""mystery woman"" warned or threatened crowds about the mass shooting that took place shortly afterwards."	Did an Unidentified Woman Warn Las Vegas Concert-Goers They Were ‘All Going to Die’?
vclaim-sno-woman-with-big-1970s-hairdo	A photograph shows a woman with an unusually big bouffant.	Is This Woman’s Bouffant Bogus?
vclaim-sno-women-ancient-rome-turpentine-urine	In ancient Rome, women would drink turpentine to make their urine smell sweet like roses.	Did Women in Ancient Rome Drink Turpentine So Their Urine Would Smell Like Roses?
vclaim-sno-women-carry-anti-baby-signs-womens-march-washington	"Demonstrators at the Women's March on Washington carried signs that said ""babies are useless."""	Women Carry Anti-Baby Signs at the Women’s March on Washington?
vclaim-sno-women-democrats-kkk-robes-photo	"A photograph shows a group of women in KKK garb holding a sign reading ""Women of the Democrat Party."""	Does a Viral Photo Show ‘Women of the Democrat Party’ Wearing KKK Robes?
vclaim-sno-women-eating-pizza	A photograph from 1921 captures early suffragettes in bathing suits eating pizza to annoy men.	Is This a Photograph of Early Suffragettes Eating Pizza?
vclaim-sno-women-need-more-sleep-than-men-because-their-brains-work-harder	Women need more sleep than men because their brains get more use on a day-to-day basis.	Do Women Need More Sleep Than Men Because Their Brains Work Harder?
vclaim-sno-women-retain-dna	Women absorb and retain DNA from every man they have had sex with.	Do Women Retain DNA From Every Man They Have Ever Slept With?
vclaim-sno-women-wearing-flu-masks-1918	A photograph shows two women wearing flu masks during the 1918 pandemic.	Does This Photograph Show Women Wearing ‘Flu Masks’?
vclaim-sno-women-witchcraft-china	A photograph shows three women being punished after they were found guilty of witchcraft in China in 1922.	Were These Women Found Guilty of Witchcraft in Early 20th Century China?
vclaim-sno-womens-brains-shrink-during-pregnancy	During pregnancy, a woman’s brain shrinks and takes up to six months to regain its previous size.	Do Women’s Brains Shrink During Pregnancy?
vclaim-sno-womens-march-assault-trump-flag	On Oct. 17, Women's March protesters in Washington D.C. assaulted Isabella DeLuca for carrying a Trump 2020 flag.	Did Women’s March Protesters Assault a Woman for Carrying Trump 2020 Flag?
vclaim-sno-womens-march-photo-white-house	Donald Trump hung a photograph of the Women's March at the White House believing that it showed his inauguration.	Did Trump Hang a Photograph of the Women’s March at the White House?
vclaim-sno-won-both-ohio-florida-lost	U.S. President Donald Trump was the first candidate to lose a presidential election despite winning in Ohio and Florida.	Has No Presidential Candidate ‘Won Both Ohio and Florida and Lost’?
vclaim-sno-wonder-bread-ceo-nra	The CEO of Wonder Bread has cut that company's ties with the NRA and other conservative companies.	Has the CEO of Wonder Bread Cut Ties with the NRA and Other Conservative Companies?
vclaim-sno-wood-art	Photographs show furniture and a floating automobile carved from wood.	Wood Art
vclaim-sno-wood-in-cheese	Several widely-available cheeses are partially made from wood.	Wood in Cheese?
vclaim-sno-woodpecker-riding-weasels	Photograph shows a woodpecker with a weasel on its back.	Is This a Weasel Riding a Woodpecker?
vclaim-sno-woodstock-occur-during-pandemic	The 1969 Woodstock music festival occurred during a pandemic as lethal as COVID-19.	Did Woodstock Occur During a Pandemic as Lethal as COVID-19?
vclaim-sno-woody-allen-dead-hoax	Filmmaker and actor Woody Allen has died.	No, Woody Allen Isn’t Dead
vclaim-sno-woody-toy-story-4	Disney has announced that the cowboy character Woody will be openly bisexual in the movie 'Toy Story 4.'	Will Woody Be Openly Bisexual in ‘Toy Story 4?’
vclaim-sno-words-of-mass-destruction	List reproduces statements made by Democratic leaders about Saddam Hussein’s acquisition or possession of weapons of mass destruction.	Weapons of Mass Destruction Quotes
vclaim-sno-words-of-wisdom	"John Wayne (or one of the characters he portrayed) said, ""Life is hard; it's even harder when you're stupid."""	‘Life Is Hard; It’s Even Harder When You’re Stupid’
vclaim-sno-work-of-fiction	Dr. Leon Eisenberg, the ‘father’ of ADHD, said just before his death that ADHD ‘is a prime example of a fictitious disease.’	Dr. Leon Eisenberg: ADHD Is a ‘Fictitious Disease’?
vclaim-sno-world-food-prize	Item protests the awarding of World Food Prizes to persons associated with Monsanto and Syngenta.	World Food Prize
vclaim-sno-world-series	"Baseball's championship competition is known as the ""World Series"" because it was originally sponsored by the New York World newspaper."	Was the World Series Named for a Newspaper?
vclaim-sno-world-suicide-rate-drops-37-following-logan-pauls-youtube-video	"The world suicide rate plummeted following Logan Paul's ""suicide forest"" video."	Did the Suicide Rate Drop Following YouTube Star Logan Paul’s ‘Suicide Forest’ Video?
vclaim-sno-world39s-largest-swimming-pool	Photographs show the world's largest swimming pool.	Is This the World’s Largest Swimming Pool?
vclaim-sno-world39s-smallest-elephant	Prayers are needed to help keep the world’s smallest elephant alive.	Prayer Request: World’s Smallest Elephant
vclaim-sno-worlds-cutest-rodent	"A photograph shows ""the world's cutest rodent,"" a Baluchistan pygmy jerboa."	The ‘World’s Cutest Rodent’?
vclaim-sno-worlds-first-dab	"A photograph shows a soldier doing the ""world's first dab"" in 1932."	Is This the World’s First Dab?
vclaim-sno-worlds-first-head-transplant-success-nineteen-hour-operation	Doctors have performed the first successful human head transplant.	Was the World’s First Head Transplant a Success After a Nineteen-Hour Operation?
vclaim-sno-worlds-largest-snake-amazon	Photographs show a 134-foot anaconda caught in the Amazon after it ate 257 people and 2325 animals.	Was the World’s Largest Snake Captured in the Amazon?
vclaim-sno-worlds-largest-tortoise-gamera	The world's largest tortoise was 59 feet tall and weighed more than 800 pounds.	World’s Largest Tortoise?
vclaim-sno-worlds-longest-human-poop	A woman set a world record in 1995 for the longest human poop at 26 feet in length.	Was the World’s Longest Human Poop 26 Feet Long?
vclaim-sno-worlds-oldest-cat-photo	An image shows the world's first photograph of a cat.	Is This the World’s Oldest Cat Photo?
vclaim-sno-worlds-spookiest-mushrooms	"An image set of the ""world's spookiest mushrooms"" features real-world fungus."	Are the ‘World’s Spookiest Mushrooms’ Real?
vclaim-sno-worldwide-chocolate-shortage	The world will run out of chocolate by the year 2020.	Worldwide Chocolate Shortage?
vclaim-sno-worms-supposedly-found-in-little-debbie-oatmeal-pies	A customer found live worms in a sealed Little Debbie Oatmeal Pie.	Worms Supposedly Found in Little Debbie Oatmeal Pies
vclaim-sno-worst-countries-for-women	"A 2018 survey deemed the United States to be ""one of the ten worst countries in the world to be a woman."""	Is the U.S. One of the Worst Countries for Women?
vclaim-sno-worst-fast-food-chain	Scientists have agreed on the worst fast food chain.	Did Scientists Agree on the Worst Fast Food Chain?
vclaim-sno-would-you-have-invested	Photograph shows eleven original staff members of Microsoft in 1978.	Would You Have Invested?
vclaim-sno-wound-with-a-view	Photograph shows Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev in police custody with no injuries.	Boston Marathon Bombers Tuition Fees
vclaim-sno-wounded-female-veterans	A photograph show a group of wounded female veterans who have each lost one or both legs.	Is This a Photograph of Wounded Female Veterans?
vclaim-sno-wrapped-up-like-a-ruse	During a recent garbage workers’ strike, clever folks took to gift-wrapping their garbage and leaving it in plain sight in unlocked cars.	Giftwrapped Garbage
vclaim-sno-wrecking-ball-van	Video clip shows a wrecking ball smashing into a passing van.	Does a Wrecking Ball Smash a Van in This Video?
vclaim-sno-wrist-risk	A child injured his arm through extended wearing of Silly Bandz.	Silly Bandz Danger
vclaim-sno-writing-wrongs	Two students produce a contentious piece of ‘cooperative’ fiction when forced to work together.	Tandem Story Writing Assignment
vclaim-sno-written-by-a-cop	A list of safety tips offers effective counters to being victimized in random violent crimes.	Nine Tips — Written by a Cop
vclaim-sno-wrong-bitch	Frustrated soldier throws snooty lady’s dog off train; bystander comments he’d gotten rid of the wrong irritant.	Wrong Bitch Thrown From Train
vclaim-sno-wrong-pin-stop-debitcard-theft	Entering the wrong PIN into a card reader will protect you against debit card fraud.	Will Using the ‘Wrong PIN’ Protect You from Debit Card Fraud?
vclaim-sno-wrong-side	A politician's stamp failed to stick because the wrong side was being spit upon.	Did a Politician’s Stamp Not Stick Because People Spat on the Wrong Side?
vclaim-sno-wronged-directions	Gang initiates ask women for directions, then shoot them.	Gang Initiation – Ask Directions, Then Shoot
vclaim-sno-wrongful-termination	A woman named Lana obtained a late-term abortion because she learned she was carrying a male fetus.	I Aborted My Baby — Because It Was a Boy
vclaim-sno-wrought-iron-fence-decapitation	Photographs show a suspect who was decapitated by a wrought-iron fence while fleeing from police.	Man Decapitated by Wrought Iron Fence
vclaim-sno-wsj-different-trump-headlines	The Wall Street Journal ran Donald Trump stories with opposing headlines on the same day.	Two Editions of ‘Wall Street Journal’ Bear Opposite Headlines About Trump
vclaim-sno-wtc-terrorism-insurance	World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein bought terrorism insurance two months before 9/11, then collected double its value on the grounds that there were two attacks.	Did a WTC Leaseholder Buy Terrorism Insurance Just Before 9/11?
vclaim-sno-wut-rage-bob-woodward	"The German edition of Bob Woodward's 2020 book ""Rage"" is titled ""Wut."""	Is This the German Title of Bob Woodward’s ‘Rage’?
vclaim-sno-wwe-shoot-aggressive-wrestler	WWE officials killed a champion wrestler because a 7-year-old boy wandered into his steel cage.	Were WWE Staff Forced to Shoot Aggressive Wrestler After Child Climbed Into Steel Cage?
vclaim-sno-wyoming-gun-law	The state of Wyoming passed a bill banning enforcement of federal gun laws.	Wyoming Gun Law
vclaim-sno-xbox-one-death	A teenager was killed after his Xbox One malfunctioned and forcefully ejected a disc that slashed his throat.	Did an Xbox One Kill a Teen After the Console Forcefully Ejected Black Ops 3 Disc, Slicing His Throat?
vclaim-sno-xbox-playstation-ps5-congrats	Xbox and PlayStation congratulated each other on Twitter for the November 2020 launch of Xbox Series X, Xbox Series S, and PS5.	Did Xbox and PlayStation Congratulate Each Other on Launch Days?
vclaim-sno-xboxing-day	A woman killed three shoppers at a Denver Walmart in order to snare that store’s last	Woman Kills Three for Last 85-Inch 4k TV at Denver Walmart
vclaim-sno-xenolingual-autoeroticism	A woman sought medical help to remove a deer tongue she had used for self-pleasuring purposes.	A Case of Xenolingual Autoeroticism
vclaim-sno-xmas-abbreviation	The term 'Xmas' is a modern and disrespectful abbreviation for 'Christmas.'	Is ‘Xmas’ a Modern and Disrespectful Abbreviation for ‘Christmas’?
vclaim-sno-xylitol-danger	Xylitol, a sugar substitute used in sugar-free gum and other products, can be harmful to dogs.	Is Xylitol Deadly to Dogs?
vclaim-sno-yahoo-web-beacons	Yahoo! Groups is using “web beacons” to track users.	Yahoo Web Beacons
vclaim-sno-yale-cancels-midterms-after-students-were-upset-by-trumps-win	Midterm exams at Yale were canceled because students were too upset by Donald Trump's election.	Yale Cancels Midterms After Students Were Upset by Trump’s Win
vclaim-sno-yankee-clippers	TSA confiscated nail clippers from a U.S. soldier returning from Afghanistan on a flight full of armed soldiers.	Another TSA Outrage
vclaim-sno-yarmouth-shark-catch	Photographs show a half-ton shark caught in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.	Yarmouth Shark Catch
vclaim-sno-yeast-alcohol-drunk	Swallowing active dry yeast before drinking alcohol will prevent you from getting drunk.	How to Drink All Night Without Getting Drunk
vclaim-sno-yellow-turtle-real	A video showed a rare, yellow turtle discovered in India in July 2020.	Does a Video Show a Real Yellow Turtle?
vclaim-sno-yellowstone-animals-fleeing-park	Animals are fleeing Yellowstone Park, an indicator that a supervolcano eruption is imminent.	Yellowstone Animals Fleeing Park — Supervolcano Eruption Imminent?
vclaim-sno-yellowstone-evacuation-volcano	Yellowstone was evacuated in June 2016 after experts warned of an imminent volcanic eruption.	Yellowstone Evacuated Due to Volcanic Eruption
vclaim-sno-yellowstone-lava-geyser	Photograph shows lava that came gushing out of geysers at Yellowstone National Park following a string of nearby earthquakes.	Yellowstone Lava Geyser
vclaim-sno-yemen-child-bride	An 8-year-old Yemeni girl was forced to marry a 40-year-old man and then died of vaginal injuries on their wedding night.	Did an 8-Year-Old Yemeni Child Bride Die of Internal Injuries?
vclaim-sno-yeti-nra-business-ties	YETI told the NRA the brand no longer wishes to do business with the organization, demonstrating that YETI does not support the Second Amendment.	Did YETI Brand Coolers Cut Ties with the NRA?
vclaim-sno-ynw-melly-stabbed-death-prison	The rapper YNW Melly, real name Jamell Demons, was stabbed to death in prison in December 2019.	Was Rapper YNW Melly Stabbed to Death in Prison?
vclaim-sno-yoga-cured-back-injury	An 86-year-old woman's severely  painful and curved back was cured by her practicing yoga for a month.	Yoga Cured an Elderly Woman’s Curved and Painful Back?
vclaim-sno-yoko-pro-bono	Yoko Ono confirmed that she had an affair with Hillary Clinton in the 1970s.	Yoko Ono: ‘I Had An Affair with Hillary Clinton in the ’70s’
vclaim-sno-yolanda-saldivar-dead	Singer Selena Quintanilla's killer, Yolanda Saldivar, was found dead in prison.	Was Yolanda Saldivar, Selena’s Killer, Found Dead in Prison?
vclaim-sno-yomi-kim-hunter	Photographs show Yomi Kim Hunter, a Korean-American voted the “prettiest man in Asia.”	Yomi Kim Hunter
vclaim-sno-yosemite-sam-banned	Yosemite Sam has been banned from television because his use of guns is offensive and a poor influence on children.	Yosemite Sam Banned
vclaim-sno-you-deserve-a-jailbreak-today	A photograph shows Ronald McDonald being carried off by two police officers.	Was Ronald McDonald Carried Off Into Police Custody?
vclaim-sno-you-dont-know-jack	At age 37 Jack Nicholson discovered that the woman he’d always thought his sister was actually his mother.	Jack Nicholson’s Mother
vclaim-sno-you-had-a-hunch-the-news-system-was-rigged	A list shows documents that several prominent news media executives had ties to the Obama administration.	You Had a Hunch the News System Was Rigged?
vclaim-sno-you-may-be-a-muslim	A list of 'You may be a Muslim' jokes originated with comedian Jeff Foxworthy.	Is a List of ‘You May Be a Muslim’ Jokes the Work of Jeff Foxworthy?
vclaim-sno-you-might-be-a-moron	"Jeff Foxworthy said that you ""might be a moron"" if you allow refugees to enter the United States."	‘You Might be a Moron’ Quote
vclaim-sno-you-scare-me	Lou Pritchett penned an “open letter” to President Obama.	An Open Letter to President Obama – Lou Pritchett
vclaim-sno-you-worry-me	"An American Airlines pilot penned an essay about Muslims entitled ""You Worry Me."""	You Worry Me
vclaim-sno-youcef-nadarkhani-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Youcef Nadarkhani, a Christian pastor who is facing execution in Iran.	Youcef Nadarkhani Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-young-aunt-bee-pin-up	"An image shows a young Frances Bavier, the actress who played Aunt Bee Taylor on ""The Andy Griffith Show,"" posing for a pin-up style photo."	Is This Pin-Up Really of Young Aunt Bee from ‘The Andy Griffith Show’?
vclaim-sno-young-black-leadership-summit-media	The news media ignored the Young Black Leadership Summit event held in Washington, D.C., in October 2018.	Did the News Media Ignore a Black Conservative Event at the White House?
vclaim-sno-young-boy-kidnapped-in-pennsylvania	A 7-year-old boy is missing after being kidnapped from his home in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	OUTDATED MISSING CHILD ALERT: Young Boy Kidnapped in Pennsylvania
vclaim-sno-young-donald-trump-photo	A photograph shows a young Donald Trump in 1952.	Is This a Photograph of a Young Donald Trump?
vclaim-sno-young-fdr-photo	A photograph shows a young Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States.	Is This Dashing Young Man Franklin D. Roosevelt?
vclaim-sno-young-harriet-tubman-photograph	"A photograph depicts a glamorous ""young Harriet Tubman."""	Young Harriet Tubman Photograph
vclaim-sno-young-woman-burned-alive	A video shows a Hindu girl being burned alive for attending a Christian prayer service.	Was a Hindu Girl Burned Alive for Attending a Christian Prayer Service?
vclaim-sno-young-woman-clinton-epstein	A photograph shows a young woman flying with President Bill Clinton to convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein's island in the latter's plane.	Is This a Young Woman with President Bill Clinton on Jeffrey Epstein’s Plane?
vclaim-sno-youngest-mother	The youngest mother on record was a Peruvian girl who give birth at five years old.	Was the World’s Youngest Mother Only 5 Years Old?
vclaim-sno-youngest-parents-in-the-world	A photograph shows the youngest parents in the world.	Are These the Youngest Parents in the World?
vclaim-sno-your-city-on-socialism	A set of images document the impact of socialism on the lives of citizens.	Is This ‘Your City on Socialism’ Meme Accurate?
vclaim-sno-your-kind-of-place	Sarajevo and Pyongyang are the only two world capitals without McDonald’s restaurants.	Capitals Without McDonald’s
vclaim-sno-youtube-ban-suspend-trump	In January 2021, YouTube temporarily barred U.S. President Donald Trump from posting new videos to his channel.	Did YouTube Bar Trump From Posting New Videos to His Channel?
vclaim-sno-youve-got-to-be-kidneying	Drugged travelers awaken in ice-filled bathtubs only to discover one of their kidneys has been harvested by organ thieves.	Kidney Theft
vclaim-sno-yreka-bakery	The city of Yreka, California, was named for a backwards bakery sign.	Place Name Origins: Yreka, California
vclaim-sno-yumbo-drop	Burger King created a fake ‘discontinued’ sandwich from the 1970s for nostalgia purposes.	Burger King Yumbo
vclaim-sno-zambia-nurse-swap-babies	"A nurse employed in a Zambian hospital swapped nearly 5,000 babies at birth and gave them to the ""wrong"" parents."	Did a Maternity Ward Nurse Switch 5,000 Babies at Birth for ‘Fun’?
vclaim-sno-zantac-causes-false-positive-for-meth	Zantac (ranitidine) or similar acid reflux medications cause users to falsely test positive for meth use.	Does Zantac Cause False Positives for Methamphetamines?
vclaim-sno-zayne-prayer-request	Prayers are requested for Zayne, a 12-year-old boy injured in an accident.	Zayne Prayer Request
vclaim-sno-zebra-dots-instead-of-stripes	A photograph shows a zebra that was born with dots instead of stripes.	A Zebra with Dots Instead of Stripes?
vclaim-sno-zebra-lion-watering-hole	A photograph shows a lion and a zebra peacefully drinking together at a watering hole.	Does This Image Show a Peaceful Meeting of a Lion and a Zebra at a Watering Hole?
vclaim-sno-zelenko-669-coronavirus-patients	Dr. Vladimir Zelenko's 669 COVID-19 patients that were treated with a combination of hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin, and zinc have seen zero hospitalizations, complications, or deaths.	Has Dr. Zelenko Successfully Treated 669 Coronavirus Patients?
vclaim-sno-zelensky-trump-nothing-wrong	"Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky said in December 2019 that U.S. President Donald Trump had ""done nothing wrong"" with regard to Ukraine."	Did Zelensky Say Trump ‘Did Nothing Wrong’ In Relation to Ukraine?
vclaim-sno-zello-work-without-internet	The Zello walkie-talkie cellphone app can be used without the internet.	Does the Zello Phone App Work Without the Internet?
vclaim-sno-zeppelin-sphinx-egypt-pyramids	A zeppelin airship flew over Giza in Egypt in 1931.	Did a Zeppelin Fly over Giza in the 1930s?
vclaim-sno-zero-dollars-and-zero-sense	Man battles $0.00 charge that won’t go away.	Zero Dollars Charge
vclaim-sno-zero-g-day	An unusual planetary alignment on 4 January 2015 will make people on Earth weigh less.	Planetary Alignment Decreases Gravity – Float for 5 Minutes!
vclaim-sno-zicam-warning	Zicam brand cold remedy causes a loss of smell in consumers who use it.	Zicam Warning
vclaim-sno-zika-bananas-ecuador	In 2017, 2018 or 2019, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned the public about a shipment of Zika-contaminated bananas.	Did the U.S. Government Warn About Bananas Contaminated with Zika?
vclaim-sno-zika-microcephaly-outbreak-pesticide	Doctors believe an increased number of microcephaly cases in Brazil is due to the use of a Monsanto-manufactured pesticide.	Zika Microcephaly Outbreak Caused by Monsanto Pesticide?
vclaim-sno-zika-spraying-kills-millions-of-bees	Aerial spraying of an insecticide targeting Zika-carrying mosquitoes in South Carolina resulted in the deaths of millions of bees.	Zika Spraying Killed Millions of Bees in South Carolina
vclaim-sno-zika-virus-gmo-mosquitoes	A recent uptick in Zika virus infections is linked to the introduction of a genetically modified mosquito farm in Brazil in 2012.	Zika Virus Caused by GMO Mosquitoes?
vclaim-sno-zimbabwait-what	President of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe has announced plans to begin a “white Holocaust.”	White Holocaust in Zimbabwe
vclaim-sno-zimbabwe-croc	Photograph shows a large crocodile killed in Zimbabwe.	Zimbabwe Croc
vclaim-sno-zimbabwe-electric-car-no-charging	A Zimbabwean inventor named Sangulani Maxwell Chikumbutso invented an electric car that requires no charging.	Did a Man from Zimbabwe Invent an Electric Car That Requires No Charging?
vclaim-sno-zimmer-down-man	George Zimmerman said that it was God’s plan for him to shoot Trayon Martin.	Zimmer Down, Man
vclaim-sno-zimmerman-skittles-signing	A photograph shows a bag of Skittles signed by George Zimmerman.	Did George Zimmerman Sign a Bag of Skittles?
vclaim-sno-zimmerman-sold-painting-martin	George Zimmerman sold his painting of Trayvon Martin for $30,000 at an online auction.	Did George Zimmerman Sell a Trayvon Martin Painting for $30,000?
vclaim-sno-zinc-lozenges-coronavirus	A letter providing tips on how to protect against the new coronavirus was authored by pathologist James Robb.	Did a Noted Pathologist Write This Viral Coronavirus Advice Letter?
vclaim-sno-zip-cuffs-capitol-riots	Members of the insurrectionist mob that broke into the Capitol were photographed in the Senate chamber holding zip cuffs.	Do Photos Show Rioters with Zip Cuffs at US Capitol?
vclaim-sno-zip-ties-cars-mailboxes	Sex traffickers are leaving zip ties on the cars, homes and mailboxes of potential targets of the crime.	Are Sex Traffickers Leaving Zip Ties on Cars, Mailboxes of Potential Victims?
vclaim-sno-zip-ties-windshields	Human traffickers are leaving zip ties on potential victims' windshield wipers.	Are Traffickers Leaving Zip Ties on Targets’ Windshield Wipers?
vclaim-sno-ziplock-bag-car-mirror	Putting a ziplock bag over a car mirror has a legitimate purpose.	Does Putting a Ziplock Bag Over a Car Mirror Have a Legitimate Purpose?
vclaim-sno-zippered-tongue	Photograph shows a split tongue body modification with a zipper installed.	Is This Photograph of a Zippered Tongue Real?
vclaim-sno-zomato-hack	The restaurant review website Zomato suffered an attack that compromised 17 million users' data	Was Zomato Hit by Hackers?
vclaim-sno-zombie-chicken-video	"A video shows a piece of raw chicken meat ""twitching"" off of a dinner table."	Is This ‘Zombie Chicken’ Video Real?
vclaim-sno-zombie-outbreak	An epidemic has resulted in an outbreak of ‘zombism.’	Zombie Outbreak
vclaim-sno-zone-of-death-yellowstone	A legal loophole makes it possible to commit crimes without punishment and even “get away with murder” in a 50-square-mile stretch of Yellowstone National Park known as the “Zone of Death.”	Does the Lawless Yellowstone ‘Zone of Death’ Exist?
vclaim-sno-zoned-out	Umpqua Community College was a gun-free zone when nine people were fatally shot there in October 2015.	Umpqua Community College Is a Gun-Free Zone?
vclaim-sno-zonkey-born-kenya-rare	"A rare ""zonkey,"" or zebra-donkey hybrid, was born in Kenya."	Was a Rare ‘Zonkey’ Born in Kenya?
vclaim-sno-zoo-animals-escape-floyd-protests	Photographs show tigers, hippos, and giraffes that escaped from various zoos during widespread protests in May 2020.	Did Zoo Animals Escape During George Floyd Protests?
vclaim-sno-zoo-employee-alligator	A Florida zoo employee was killed while attempting to sexually assault a 12-foot alligator.	Was a Florida Zoo Employee Killed While Attempting to Rape an Alligator?
vclaim-sno-zoo-name-cockroach-feed-predator	As part of its annual fundraiser, San Antonio Zoo in Texas is offering scorned lovers the chance to name a cockroach or rodent after their ex before it is fed to a larger animal.	Zoo: Name a Cockroach After Your Ex, And We’ll Feed it to a Predator
vclaim-sno-zookeeper-arrested-molest-gorilla	A 29-year-old San Diego Zoo intern was arrested and charged with attempting sexually assault a gorilla.	Was a Zookeeper Arrested for Molesting a Gorilla?
vclaim-sno-zoom-teachers-mute	Zoom allows hosts of meetings, such as educators, to hear participants whose microphones are turned off.	Can Teachers Hear ‘Muted’ Students on Zoom?
vclaim-sno-zuckerberg-dont-share-hoaxes	Mark Zuckerberg is giving $1,000 away to Facebook users who refrain from sharing hoaxes.	Mark Zuckerberg Promises $1,000 to Facebook Users If They Don’t Share Hoaxes
vclaim-sno-zuckerberg-facebook-ireland-ads	Mark Zuckerberg admitted or bragged that Facebook banned pro-life advertising, in particular, during Ireland's 2018 abortion-referendum campaign.	Did Mark Zuckerberg ‘Brag’ About Banning Pro-Life Ads Before Ireland’s Abortion Referendum?
vclaim-sno-zuckerberg-removing-pages	Mark Zuckerberg will delete Donald Trump's or Hillary Clinton's Facebook pages for 500,000 likes.	Mark Zuckerberg Removing Clinton, Trump Pages for Facebook Likes
